Steve Jobs Understands Team Building
How To Avoid Getting Fired From Your Own Company
Minimalism: It Works
Github 404 page
Charlie Stross: Reasons to be Cheerful
Mozilla’s Rejection of NativeClient Hurts the Open Web
Ask HN: Who's Hiring? (January 2011 Edition)
Revealed: The guy behind IMDb
Why We Desperately Need a New (and Better) Google
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring Remote Workers? (January 2011 Edition)
How my iPhone made me miss my first flight of the year
Review of the 11" MacBook Air
Wikipedia Raises $16 Million to Remain Ad-Free
Calories, fat or carbohydrates? Why diets work (when they do)
Working hurts less than procrastinating, we fear the twinge of starting
People will never line up for Android phones
Fixing XSS on a bank website - A customer's saga
Giving up on Ruby packaging
RSS Is Dying, and You Should Be Very Worried
What Could Have Been Entering the Public Domain on January 1, 2011?
The No. 1 Habit of Highly Creative People
New cave found in Vietnam: "A skyscraper could fit"
Goldman Sachs invests in Facebook at $50 Billion valuation
The CIA Meets MIT
Visualization of stock market performance over time, adjusted for inflation
Trouble In the House of Google
Root keys for Sony’s PlayStation 3 go public
How I Made My First 100 Sales
Google tracks you. We don't. An illustrated guide
Google Will Become an AI Company
Facebook-Goldman: Where Is the S.E.C.?
The MOS 6502 and the Best Layout Guy in the World
Paul Buchheit: Angel investing, my first three years
Dating Denial of Service attack
I Paid a Bribe
PHP 5.3.3 hangs on numeric value 2.2250738585072011e-308
How to build an 8x8x8 LED cube
Firefox overtakes IE in Europe
Rich Hickey stops Clojure funding appeal from 2011 onwards
Profitable W11 startup looking for hackers. Join us in our quest to kick healthcare's ass.
Stealing the United States Government by stealing .gov
Why I'm not buying Facebook
Could It Be? Spooky Experiments That 'See' The Future
Redis: new disk storage to replace VM
Game Preview: Voxatron - voxel-based, destructible environment, 8bit soundtrack
Drupal 7 Released
The Dubai Job
Google's library for dealing with phone numbers (Java/JavaScript)
Russian Physicists Solve Radio Black-Out Problem for Re-Entering Spacecraft
Technical job post tips for the desperate
Nvidia announces Project Denver ARM CPU for the desktop
Google shows off Android 3.0, the 'Entirely for Tablet' Honeycomb (video)
R.I.P. Ruby Hash Rocket Syntax 1993-2010
Pizza And Ramen Are Hurting Your Startup
Google’s decreasingly useful, spam-filled web search
RIP Bill Zeller
Trimensional: 3D Scanner for iPhone
Dear Google: please let me ban sites from results
Mac App Store: Open for Business
Hard Core: What Porn's Ubiquity Says About Men and Women
Things You Might Not Know about jQuery
CES2011:  The end of the PC era
We are in the AOL days of social networking
New "How Airbnb Works" video (shot at 13 locations around world)
NYT Review of ‘The 4-Hour Body’
A warning to hackers: be careful building on Twitter's API
Engineering management at Facebook
Cwora - taking the piss out of Quora
SOAP: The 'S' stands for simple (not really)
Chart of YC companies' hosting decisions, 2010 edition
Business Models That Rocked 2010
Richard Feynman and The Connection Machine
A Note About Git Commit Messages
Why Your Form Buttons Should Never Say 'Submit'
Vim Recipes
Facebook hype will fade
Princeton Grad Student And 'Brilliant' Programmer, Dies In Apparent Suicide 
VLC for iOS Pulled from the App Store
What does one trillion dollars look like?
Redis memory fragmentation contest
A Healthy Diet For The Mind
Latency Compensating Methods in Client/Server Games
The PhD Problem: "Talk of a ‘higher education bubble’ may not be idle chatter”
The Python Paradox
And suddenly, you're hip
StackOverflow clone, created entirely with Redis and jQuery
Ie7-js 
Reddit/HN clone in Clojure
Obama administration moves forward with unique Internet ID for all Americans
Steve's story - Google employee #13
Akin's Laws of Spacecraft Design
Inequality in Equalland
Sorry, your “cool” webapp is probably not going to make money
Learning Advanced JavaScript
The Trillion Dollar Website (a story of quantitative easing)
FlightCaster (YC S09) Acquired
Bayesian stats book banned in China
Why Caltech Is in a Class by Itself
Production is Red, Development is Blue
My winter break project — Silk
Announcing NoSQL Tapes
Extruding Ice from Steel Fences and Pipes with Diurnal Freeze/Thaw
Chrome Release Cycle
When A Game Designer teaches a College Course: No Grading, just Levelling Up
Why Chinese Mothers are Not Superior (from a female Chinese engineer)
Why GIMP is Inadequate
10 Simple Truths Smart People Forget
Why So Many Rich People Don’t Feel Very Rich
There is no place for just shitting all over other people's work
Google Removing H.264 Support in Chrome
Scala == Effective Java?
L-Theanine: a 4,000 Year Old Mind-Hack
How Pixar Bosses Saved Their Employees from Layoffs
NYTimes Opensources Their Deep Linking JS
Simple Questions for Google Regarding Chrome’s Dropping of H.264
Bitterness, Anger And Betrayal At MySpace
PS3 Root Key Hacker Sued
A Localization Horror Story: It Could Happen To You
For what are the Windows A:\ and B:\ drives used?
On Not Hiring
Arbor.js - HTML5 graph visualization library
10 Questions for John Gruber Regarding H.264, WebM
Drunk scientists pour wine on superconductors and make an incredible discovery
Carnegie Mellon CS Professor challenges Sony by mirroring Geohot's PS3 hacks
Flowchart : Should you work for Free?
A Comfy Helvetica frontpage for Hacker News
Why You Can't Hire Great Perl Programmers
How to write a simple operating system
Google's dropping H.264 in Chrome is not a step backward for openness.
“OK, but there are two rules…”
How to get your startup on Hacker News
I love async, but I can't code like this
Spray-on liquid glass is about to revolutionize almost everything
MIT OpenCourseWare introduces courses designed for independent learners
US Patent system so dysfunctional you can patent a stick from a tree
The most mysterious Google ranking ever...
Why you should never, ever use two spaces after a period
Reasons to Open a Chinese Bank Account
Projects: hijack (Hijacking the iPhone earphone jack)
Things Real People Don't Say About Advertising
"I think that djb redo will turn out to be the Git of build systems."
Git Immersion
Why American Mothers are Superior
Chromium Blog: More about the Chrome HTML Video Codec Change
Malware researcher Dancho Danchev gone missing since August
We need help with the disappearance of Security Researcher Dancho Danchev
Using Python and heat maps to determine the best place to aim on a dart board
Garry Tan moving on from Posterous and joining YC
Fast Levenshtein distance using a Trie
Top Mistakes in Behavior Change
Paranoia and deletion: the wipe man page
Why pi?
DropQuest 2011
Roll your own toy UNIX-clone OS
Why Minecraft Matters
The Ambiguity of Open and H.264 vs. VP8
Development and testing of the Stuxnet worm
Shortchanging Your Business with User-Hostile Platforms
Watch a swarm of flying robotic drones construct a tiny building
Facebook Now Shares Phone Number & Address With Third-Party Apps
The Art of Computer Programming, Volume 4A has been published
List of JavaScript Game Engines
What if Tunisia had a revolution, but nobody watched?
Applications Open For Summer 2011 YC Funding Cycle
Redirect a running process output to a file and log out
My Experiences as a Female Software Engineer
How Much Does a Single Search Cost Google?
Google Translate adds easter egg that recognizes the beatboxing hack
Steve Jobs To Take ‘Medical Leave Of Absence’, Stays On As CEO
How Facebook Ships Code
I Can Crack Your App With Just A Shell (And How To Stop Me)
Brisbane floods: before and after
Web Services Our Startup Relies On Every Day
Facebook's 3rd Biggest Advertiser is a Bing Affiliate Scam
W3C HTML5 Logo Unveiled
Easing into SICP
Goodbye Facebook
Facebook is a Ponzi Scheme
Why U.S. Galaxy S Phones run Android 2.1
Eek, A Male
Introduction to Gnome 3
Tarsnap critical security bug
Apple Reports First Quarter Results
Everything you need to know about cryptography in 1 hour, by Colin Percival
Ask HN/PG: Why are comments being paginated?
Facebook is what happens to the Web when you hit it with the stupid stick
Introducing AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Website calculates how your life might be like in another country.
No double standards: supporting Google's push for WebM 
Why HN was slow and how Rtm fixed it
Senator Al Franken: No joke, Comcast trying to whack Netflix
Sony uses DMCA to silence speech that reveals its security flaws
The polynomial algorithm for 3-SAT problem (or P=NP)
DuckDuckGo Challenges Google on Privacy (With a Billboard in San Francisco)
The miserable programmer paradox
Twitter Gets Sued For Letting Famous People Interact Online
What happened to the 11 employees of Microsoft in the 1978 photo
Impossible for the HN crowd: Do nothing for 2 minutes
How To Use Amazon EC2 as Your Desktop
Eric Schmidt: On April 4th I Will Step Down, Larry Page to be CEO
Apple’s diabolical plan to screw your iPhone
Ask HN: Do you meditate? How/Why? 
Learning from Twitter
Google to Launch Groupon Competitor
AppHarbor (YC W11): "Azure Done Right"
Pypy wants you - now's the time to start contributing to Pypy
Oops: Android contains directly copied Java code, strengthening Oracle’s case
Google search and search engine spam
Why can't all "tech" journalism be like this?
Oops: No copied Java code or weapons of mass destruction found in Android
CSS background image hacks
Why Is Eric Schmidt Stepping Down at Google?
David E. Chen: Discovering the Heroku Vulnerability
1000Memories in 60 seconds (video, YC S10)
Fun with HTTP headers
JavaScript ( (__ = $ + $)[+$] + ({} + $)[_/_] +({} + $)[_/_] )
Python, the Web and Little Things on my Mind
MRI shows meditation changes brain structure in 8 weeks
Do It Yourself Masters in Financial Engineering
Free Wordpress themes coming with a price
Hans Reiser: former genius, convicted murderer and future mad scientist?
How I almost killed Facebook
ITerm 2
20-line patch to Firefox 4 that makes startup on Windows 2x as fast
Humans.txt, like robots.txt, but for humans.
Always pay your web developers
Life as a Second Class Citizen of the Web 
Ask PG: Please revert the change to break up discussions in multiple pages?
Delegate or die: the self-employed trap
eBooks compiled from top StackOverflow topics/answers
Why I Don’t Buy the Quora Hype
Hacker Shows It Doesn’t Take $8 Million to Clone Qwiki
Using Python generators for real work [pdf]
Tim Cook Is Running Apple, but Not Imitating Steve Jobs
How I Screwed Yasser Arafat out of $2mm (and lost $100mm in the process)
Waking up at 5am, my nearly 1 year review
Why 3D doesn't work and never will.
Search leakage is not FUD. Google et al., please fix it.
ACM considered harmful
Rent vs. Buy Visualization of Top 50 Cities
Qwiki Epitomizes the Current Startup Bubble
HTML4 logo
Mythbusting: Why Firefox 4 won’t score 100 on Acid3
How the iPhone mail app decides when to show you new mail
Close Tab Behaviour in Google Chrome
1 Damn Easy Way to Improve User Experience
Introducing Amazon Simple Email Service
Startup Suicide -- Rewriting the Code
37Signals to retire OpenID for logins on May 1
OAuth Will Murder Your Children
Hacker News app for Android (with login, voting, and commenting)
An USB plug that goes both ways
Why I Wrote a Programmer's Text Editor
"Nothing like this will be built again": a tour of a working nuclear reactor
What if Visual Studio had Achievements?
New in Gmail Labs: Unread message icon
John's Phone: a minimalist cell phone
How (not) to write Factorial in Java
Ask HN: Review RentPost.com
Grubwithus (YC W11) Brings Strangers Together Over Social Meals
Poll: Where do you work?
Greplin (YC W10) open sources 10-15x faster protocol buffers for Python
Google Starts Censoring BitTorrent, RapidShare and More
My biggest frustration with Google AdWords
Tutorspree (YC W11) Is An Airbnb For Tutoring
The piece of paper that fooled Hitler
Power user replacements for OS X default apps
Oracle discontinues Ruby/Rails support for NetBeans
Oxford announces new degree in Computer Science and Philosophy
Netflix Performance on Top ISP Networks
How to Make Trillions of Dollars
One with Vim
Egypt has shut off the Internet (update: not everywhere)
Quora Blocks Startup Search Engines
Google Translate Easter Egg
Views from an Egyptian
Sublime Text 2: Public Alpha Released
Redis: the AK-47 of databases
Google algorithm change launched
Would-Be Suicide Bomber Killed by Unexpected SMS From Mobile Carrier
Rare pictures of North Korea
How Egypt Switched Off The Internet
How Organized Spam is Taking Control of Google's Search Results
HN: I'm building a TC alternative. Will you share your startup's story with me? 
Why Dropbox Succeeded and Syncplicity Didn’t
How the FBI raided Anonymous 
Ask HN: Just received an offer for our company, what now?
Github now publishes all DMCA takedown notices they receive here.
Yuri Milner, SV Angel Offer Every New Y Combinator Startup $150k
Scott Adams: How to Tax the Rich
Why I Left Google
Kaspersky Antivirus 2009 source code leaked
Hunting Hydrogen Balloons with Fireworks
As Egypt Erupts, Al Jazeera Offers Its News for Free to Other Networks
Why can't people in US watch Al Jazeera?
Mark Zuckerberg on SNL (video)
Egypt shuts down Al Jazeera bureau
Ask HN: What's your favorite bookmarked HN thread?
Canadians Just Became World's Biggest Internet Losers.
Electronic Frontier Foundation Uncovers Widespread FBI Intelligence Violations
Got Hacking? Git Hacking.
Should You Really Be A Startup Entrepreneur?
Plenty of Fish Hacked
Skype 5 for Mac blocks all webcam access by Flash. Skype says it is "by design"
Plenty Of Fish Hacked – Chris Russo’s explains how he did it
Farewell
Ask HN: Who's Hiring? (February 2011 Edition)
 So Long and Thanks for all the Bits
JQuery 1.5 Released
Meet The People You Follow On Twitter With Conference Directory Lanyrd (YC W11)
The NYC subway system as a string instrument
Some weekend work that will (hopefully) enable more Egyptians to be heard
Tell HN: There is a Scammer Amongst Us
Mea Culpa: GitHub works well, my mistake made them look bad
Readability's new service
Java Hangs When Converting 2.2250738585072012e-308
Google: Bing Is Cheating, Copying Our Search Results
Free, Public Data Sets
Why Stack Overflow Sucks and Participating There is Impossible
Cracking the Scratch Lottery Code
Color wheels are wrong? How color vision actually works
Apple responds: we want a cut of Amazon, Sony e-book sales
Microsoft’s Bing uses Google search results—and denies it
What on earth are Google thinking? (re: Binggate)
Why is Google so hysterically hypocritical about Bing using its public data?
Paypal's fraud prevention routine does it again
Match.com Acquires Online Dating Site OkCupid
What it's like in Egypt: An email from my mom
Cached OkCupid Article: Why You Should Never Pay For Online Dating
The 4-Hour Dentist
MailChimp now free up to 2000 subscribers 
Rands in Repose: The Noise
Bing sets the record straight on recent accusations
Space Stasis (Neal Stephenson)
Show HN: My 4-hour project, already profitable
Paul Buchheit: The two paths to success
UBB overturned - Canada no longer biggest internet loser.
IPv4 is depleted: Final five blocks allocated to registries
Poll: How old are you?
 I'm a pregnant hacker. Please review my side project.
A favicon? That’ll be £585 please.
'Don’t ignore your stupid ideas.'
What can you do in 2k LOC of C?
Why charging $12/year converts higher than $9.99
I pitched YC, was rejected, just closed a multi-million dollar round.
Ode to the App Review team
I'm graduating with a CS degree but I don't feel like I know how to program
Steve Pavlina: 30 days since I quit Facebook
The Type of Employee You Really Want: Porn Star
E-ink writing pad, Noteslate.
The git parable
Why PostgreSQL doesn't have query hints
XMPP creator's "Locker" -- personal social media aggregation platform
Show HN: my new project, an anti-snub dating site
Front-End Engineer wanted at Tutorspree (YC W11)
Aerial footage of uncontacted Amazon tribe
Google open sources "Contracts for Java"
Bing search results showing up in Google
Super Awesome Sylvia shows super simple Arduino
This may be the best resume I have ever seen
What is the most effective thing you did to improve your programming skills?
Things to Never Say While Negotiating
Belgian man completes 365 marathons in 365 consecutive days
Debian 6.0 “Squeeze” released
The Knack for Getting Money
How to Beat Procrastination 
Why do programmers write apps and then make them free
Github Resume Generator
HackerBuddy
The Size of the Human Radio-Broadcast Bubble in the Milky Way Galaxy
Oracle "sanitizes" Hudson's creator from wiki
Using git to manage a website
When Should I Visit? - A 24 hour hack I made, what do you think?
AOL buys Huffington Post for $315mm in cash
Treesaver.js - JavaScript library for creating magazine style layouts
Firefox 4, 5, 6 and 7 to be released before the end of 2011
The unfortunate math behind consulting companies
Isotope - An exquisite jQuery plugin for magical layouts
Brutal New York - 1965/95 
"You've angered the hive"
Android Patterns
How My School and District Failed its Students
The Google I/O freebie I'm hoping for: Nothing
Airplane Mode
What New Twitter Employees Do For The First Week
Random Startup Generator
How Much Money I Made From Side Projects In 2010
Startup America -- Dead on Arrival
Ditch Starbucks and work at the library
Want to be a leader? Wash the Dishes When Nobody Else Will. 
How to be 100% sure your startup idea is good
JQuery 1.5 released: .sub(), ajax rewrite, speed improvements, more
Nokia CEO: Nokia is "standing on a burning platform"
House Fails to Extend Patriot Act Spy Powers 
Breaking the web with hash-bangs
The most common phone number: 214-748-3647
UBS Whistleblower Finds Himself in Federal Prison
Web based Textmate like editor that saves to Dropbox
Convore (YC W11) Wants To Be The Easiest Group Communication App Yet
HN now serving a million page views on weekdays
Lisp inventor John McCarthy on human progress and its sustainability
How The FCC Plans To Destroy GPS – A Simple Explanation
The Next Six Months
Full Instapaper API now available
How one man tracked down Anonymous—and paid a heavy price 
Broken Links
Why business analysts and project managers get higher salaries than programmers?
IBM's "Watson" finally ready for prime-time Jeopardy
Mubarak to step down tonight
Google Rolls Out Two-Factor Authentication For Everyone.
Office comparison: 37signals vs Zappos
Advanced sign-in security for your Google account
The Zen of Python by Example
Introducing the File Finder
TechCrunch Tours Dropbox Offices
Nokia Confirms Microsoft Partnership, New Leadership Team
Microsoft just bought Nokia for $0
1000+ Nokia workers have walked out in protest (in English via Google Translate)
Hosni Mubarak finally steps down
How I Got Kicked Out of Y Combinator and Then Raised $1.5m for My Startup
BBC To Delete 172 Websites Due to Budget Cuts, Geek Saves Them for $3.99
Pervasive myths about older software developers
GroupOn, LivingSocial engaging in questionable practices
Khan Academy and BitTorrent Partner to Distribute Educational Videos
Does my company have IP rights to the stuff I do in my spare time?
Reddit AmA: Director of the first ISP to challenge the USA Patriot Act
Toyota, The Media Owe You an Apology
New string search algorithm
White House: What's Blocking Innovation in America?  My Answer: IP Laws
Standalone sandboxed IE6, IE7, IE8 executables (Recovered after a takedown)
Continuous Deployment 
Stackoverflow: Are there any famous one-man-army programmers?
Why Starting Justin.tv Was A Really Bad Idea, But I’m Glad We Did It Anyway
Man places his genome in public domain, on Github
Acetaminophen and the War on Drugs (2009)
Guy commits his genome to Github, smartass forks and issues a pull request
Stephen Elop is the 7th biggest individual shareholder of Microsoft
Stuxnet is now on GitHub
Why Non-engineers Think Engineers Are Better Off Joining Startups
HD 555 to HD 595 mod (or: how Sennheiser cripples cheaper headphones)
How to Get a Raise
Yes, The Khan Academy is the Future of Education
Nerd Fort
EFF Finds Evidence Of Over 40,000 Intelligence Violations By The FBI
Programming languages are being deleted from Wikipedia
Christopher Monsanto gives up trying to delete PL articles
Skype's Crazy Regex Easter Egg
Lemmings is 20 years old today
IBM's Watson starts on Jeopardy Tonight
New Chrome extension: block sites from Google’s web search results
I have seen the future and I am opposed
What would Feynman do?
Formula for love: X^2+(y-sqrt(x^2))^2=1
The Secret to a Happy Marriage: Do the Dishes, Put Out, Don’t Talk So Much
Nokia Plan B
The Sweden Solar System
C++ in Coders at Work
Show HN: Our new $149 hackable Bluetooth wristwatch 
Is IE9 a modern browser?
How we fed ourselves for a year & sold a startup...with only 300 lines of code
Coca Cola's secret recipe revealed?
How I made an HDTV antenna so I could watch Jeopardy last night
Middle-earth according to Mordor - The Lord of the Rings retold
Startups in stealth mode need one piece of advice.
Anonymous speaks: the inside story of the HBGary hack
IE9 vs. Firefox 4 (done in canvas)
Reminder: "Broken gets fixed, but shitty lasts forever"
U.S. Government Shuts Down 84,000 Websites, ‘By Mistake’
Jeopardy Champion Ken Jennings Q&A about IBM Watson
I'm a designer who learned Django and launched her first webapp in 6 weeks
Google releases OnePass, a payment system for publishers
The Technology Behind Convore
Why are you people defending Apple?
The Cognitive Style of Unix
Brilliant use of CSS drop shadows
Langton's ant
Last.fm co-founder: Apple just fucked over online music subs for the iPhone
It’s Not a Bubble, People; It’s a Pyramid Scheme 
Poll: Tech Bubble?
The HB Gary Email That Should Concern Us All (Sockpuppet Management Software)
Why Can’t Tablet Makers Just Freaking Ship?
What Google knows about you
Real Life Model of M.C. Escher’s “Waterfall”
Host Your Static Website on Amazon S3
Show HN:  What Do You Think Of My Resume?
Nissan Leaf
Why I stopped travelling to the US and largely stopped doing business in the US
How to become Batman
Is Scheme Faster than C?
Goodbye to academic research
Modern Browsers Ship
When to Use PayPal vs. Merchant Account
MIT OpenCourseWare programming lecture videos (in Python)
How reddit became reddit - the biggest smallest community online
12 new file formats in the Google Docs Viewer
Don't waste your time by cd-ing in the terminal
Black ops: how HBGary wrote backdoors for the government
Once again, praise kids for effort, not for 'smarts'
A practical use for space-filling curves
"It'll never work": a collection of failed predictions
A rare look into North Korea's famed Propaganda School
Why Open Source misses the point of Free Software
Are founders really 1000x more valuable than their employees?
Bother Me, I'm Thinking 
Ask HN: Does anyone actually code at a hackathon?
I finally understand why I'm not allowed to use Lisp
Ask HN: Is TDD/BDD hampering your startup's agility?
Why Nobody Can Match the iPad’s Price
Geohot seeking donations for legal defense against Sony.
Google May Kill Chrome URL Bar
Quora vs. StackExchange: Why, Joel, Why?
Libya Shuts Down Internet
Why I don't care very much about tablets anymore
Python 3.2 Released
Show HN: Breakup Notifier
Why nothing can go faster than the speed of light
An Open Letter to Apple on the Readability App rejection
The Boy Who Stole Half-Life 2
Homeowner forecloses on Wells Fargo office, becomes folk hero
Money Won’t Buy You Health Insurance
TinyGrab abandons iOS because of new App Store rules
Changes to my life as a result of just four weeks of daily meditation
Redis at Disqus
HelloFax (YC W11): Sign And Send Faxes From Your Browser, Without The Hassle
You Owe it to Yourself to be Old-School
Show HN: HackerBooks.com
We Are the App Store
Fabric Python with Cleaner API and Parallel Deployment
Show HN: Remote Jobs (our answer to "Who Is Hiring Remote Workers?")
Amount of profanity in git commit messages per programming language
How We Made Github Fast (2009)
Visualization: Movies Are Getting Worse
How HackerNews ruined my morning
What happens after Yahoo acquires you
Solving The Hacker News Problem
Rate my startup - Slowcop - measure your website's speed
Buying VMWare Fusion: A lesson in how to drive customers away
How to Sell your Company
WordPress names their 3.1 release: Reinhardt
What I Wish Someone Had Told Me About Startups 4 Years Ago
Eth0 no more?
Breakup Notifier Shut Down By Facebook
Cappuccino 0.9
JQuery Waypoints - execute a function whenever you scroll to an element
Warn HN: How to accidentally, irreversibly nuke your Facebook account
Why We Stick With PHP (and don't move to Ruby or Python) 
Pattern: A web mining & natural language processing system for Python
New MacBook Pro series
Thunderbolt
Calculus Revisited - a complete self-study calculus course from MIT OCW
Apple releases dev preview of Mac OS X 10.7 Lion with AirDrop, FileVault
Chrome Developer Tools: Back to Basics
JQuery 1.5.1 released, includes full IE 9 support
Redditors earning $100k+ a year, what are your secrets to your success?
Google Forecloses on Content Farms with "Farmer" Algorithm Update
Google rolls out algorithm change in the US
Anonymous vs. HBGary: the aftermath
The Colour Clock
Jerry Seinfeld's Productivity Secret
I'm a cargo cult programmer, help me
Dear Google, I Have More Than 10,000 Contacts
Neat Algorithms - Flocking
You win, RIM (An open letter to RIM's developer relations)
Why does Adobe Reader need so many updates?
Crawl Bank Accounts with the Ghost of Wesabe
The Unofficial Guide to Migrating Off of Google App Engine
Why didn't the Romans have hot air balloons?
IPhone 4 films final Discovery launch from 30,000 feet up. 
Japan Airlines' CEO pays himself less than the pilots, takes the bus to work
Free Kindle This November
Life Without Photoshop
Berkshire Hathaway Shareholder Letters 2010 [pdf]
Super Mario Brothers GameBoy (and all GameBoy games) ported to HTML5
Man with ALS writes patch for Gnome using morse code (with touching story)
The joys of maintenance programming
I Don't Want to be a Teacher Any More
BitMate - BitTorrent For The Less Privileged
This is what it's like for an innocent man to spend thirty years in jail
Designers, how do we get you guys to contribute to open source projects?
Beautiful Time-Lapse of Milky Way over Lake Tahoe
Custora (YC W11) Helps Online Businesses Improve Customer Retention
Joyent: 54+ hours of downtime
Working at Microsoft – Day to Day Coding
9 Eyes – Interesting photos from Google Street View
2000 as Seen in 1910 (23 pics)
When you want to quit because it's just not worth it
How to Make Money in 6 Easy Steps
RStudio,a new IDE for R
Pictures of kittens for use as placeholders in your designs or code
Linus Torvalds: Pearls before swine
Wolfram Alpha doesn't "get it"
What is the single most influential book every programmer should read?
How much money can you make in the iOS App Store?
Lists of must see TED-talks 
70% of the Public Finds Piracy Socially Acceptable
The Redis Manifesto
The Bipolar Lisp Programmer
Natalie Portman - Scientist
Matt Blaze: How ACM and IEEE Shake Down Science
Hiding Nobel prizes in plain sight
How a 19-Year-Old Raised $5 Million to Revolutionize Search
The Node Ahead: JavaScript leaps from browser into future
ShoeFitr: The company Amazon must buy immediately
Full Text RSS Feed: Get the whole feed and nothing but the feed
A Week After Google Changes Algo, Mahalo Fires 10% of Staff
Your IP. In JSON
The mother of all Android malware has arrived
Someone is stealing your life (1990)
Google finally has a 404 page that isn't ugly
Man upgrades Windows 1.0 to Windows 7 (video)
The Death of Adventure Games
A Built-in Web Server For PHP
Pixel Perfect map of china
Peter Tattam created Trumpet Winsock and got very little: Let's set things right
Everyone thinks they're hiring the top 1%
Microsoft and Google jointly sue a patent troll who has sued 397 companies
Piracy is Theft? Ridiculous. Lost Sales? They Don’t Exist
The blind man who taught himself to see
Steve Jobs' reality distortion takes its toll on truth
Show HN: "Never wait on hold again" service built with Rails and Twilio 
Hipmunk for the iPhone - here's how we built it
Ken Jennings takes AMA questions on Reddit
How an Illinois rest stop inspired a web page
Google demos driverless cars
The Chair
Everything You Know About Fitness is a Lie
Hardest captcha ever?
Libya turns off its internet: this time it's a flatline
Microsoft made their own IE6-countdown site.
Ie6countdown.com – a wolf in sheep's clothing
Procrastination and Perfectionism
Avoiding a transit of the United States
YC W11 Gaming Startup, growing 10% a day, Hiring Hackers
Your own company? You can do it
Judge Allows Sony to Unmask Anyone Who Visited GeoHot Site
Ask HN: How did you become a hardcore back-end developer?
YCPages - List of Y Combinator companies, founders and jobs with statistics
Student Who Found GPS Device On His Car Due To Reddit Comment Sues The FBI
Facebook bans Adsense in all applications, driving Google out of Facebook.com
If iPads are “post-pc devices” why must I sync with iTunes before I can use one
Fabric hits 1.0
Feynman's wobbling plate: how to recover from burnout
Python now uses Mercurial
Lunch with Sean Parker: on how he's coping with his new reputation
Ask HN: I'm an unemployed programmer in SF that will work for minimum wage
How Github has changed the open source world
The need to code
51 hours left to live
Why Silicon Valley Immigrant Entrepreneurs Are Returning Home
Get your own #dickbar
Why Data Structures Matter: left, right folds, btrees 
Did scientists discover bacteria in meteorites? No.
This must be Google's Facebook clone. It sure looks like it.
The Anti-Mac User Interface
How rich kids already won the career game
On moving from CouchDB to Riak
Moviebarcode - Movies compressed to a single frame
Show HN: Beginning Android for iOS Developers
Hey Apple, Please Be Nice and Share MacRuby
Accounting for Computer Scientists
Icons (including free for commercial use)
Google Voice Now Offers SIP Addresses For Calling Directly Over IP
Zed Shaw: Launchpad vs. Github/SysAdmin vs. Coder
Apple Keyboard in pure CSS.
Why Angry Birds is so successful and popular?
The State of Version Control: an Infographic
HTML + CSS3 is Turing complete
High court challenge to law that puts public-domain works back under copyright
I took "abusing the HTML5 History" to the next level.
Anatomy of a Crushing
CoffeeScript: The beautiful way to write JavaScript
Bootstrapped, Profitable, & Proud: Braintree
Life at a startup
Goliath: Non-blocking, Ruby 1.9 Web Server
Epic Games shows jaw-dropping graphics for next-generation consoles
A New Name for Stack Overflow (with surprise ending)
WebOS will be on 'every HP PC' shipping next year, says CEO
Sleep is more important than food
A tale of two programmers
Xcode now costs US$ 4.99
Y Combinator's Graham Doesn't See "Bubble" in Technology
Saved 10 billion DNS queries per month by disabling DNS Prefetching
Launch
Khan of Khan Academy at TED (video)
How to Get PayPal to Freeze Your Account in Four Easy Steps
Square responds to Verifone's allegations
How I lost my faith in Lisp
Salary negotiations for techies
“We don’t get out of bed for less than $10,000 per day.”
Google: Hide sites to find more of what you want
Why Nokia failed: 'Wasted 2,000 man years' on UIs that didn't work
Designing your sign up page? Read this.
If you're applying this cycle: How to Apply to Y Combinator
 What do you think of our new team page? (type "dance" for party mode)
OS X Isn't for Developers
8.9 earthquake hits Japan
The Complete Guide for Starting iPhone and iOS Development
JavaScript Garden
Japan's Strict Building Codes Saved Lives
Twitter to developers: no new Twitter clients
So you think you own your Twitter name?
Is it normal to get hundreds of break-in attempts per day?
Want to move fast?  Just do this
Angry Bird’s “overnight success” only took 8 years.
HBGary planned to "blow the balls off Nmap"
Why Gas Is So Expensive Today (Hint: It’s Not Libya)
Introducing NowJS or "How to make a chat server in 12 lines of code"
Cringley: Japan may have just permanently lost 20% of its electricity supply
Video of reactor 1 at Fukushima plant
Dear Twitter
IPad 2 introduces new headphone jack
Dubai on Empty 
Securing an Ubuntu Server
Don't touch me, I'm British
Turn any page into Katamari Damacy
Ideas don’t make you rich. The correct execution of ideas does.
New Startup Now Pulling In Over $100k in Monthly Revenues
Why I am not worried about Japan’s nuclear reactors
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today
Patio11's perspective on the Japan Earthquake
Police Return Seized Hardware to Victorious BitTorrent Admin, Trashed
4chan founder: Mark Zuckerberg is “totally wrong” about online identity
Video of tsunami in Japan
Git is as revolutionary as Unix pipes (2008)
First dump of Anon BofA Documents is up
Hacker with iPhone takes over Times Square screens
My fellow geeks, we need to have a talk.
GNU Free Call has been announced (Skype-like software)
Stack Overflow: Printing 1 to 1000 in C
Finally, a Startup Visa That Works 
The pi is a lie… Happy Half Tau Day!
Twitter and Me
Show HN: My Node.js two weekend project. Color palettes from Flickr images.
Apple's Role in Japan during the Tohoku Earthquake
Music Theory for Beginners
Why is TeX still used? What are some good, modern alternatives?
Letter heads, by Firefox labs
iOS Libraries
Parsing: the solved problem that isn't
Dudes, this is so not REST
Time Warner Cable trying to make municipal fiber illegal in North Carolina
Obama "IP czar" wants felony charges for illegal Web streaming
Your Username Will Now Serve as Your Password and Your Password as Your Username
JRuby 1.6.0 Released: Now with Ruby 1.9.2 Support
Why no looting in Japan?
AOL Asks Us If We Can Tone It Down
Airbnb
How The Kernel Manages Your Memory
Web developer will work for you for free
Deaths per unit of energy for various sources
Dropbox: The hottest startup you've never heard of
Chomsky on Intellectual Property
MongoDB 1.8 (stable) released
Show HN: My collection of web-apps that I'm finally comfortable in sharing
Is This The Girl That Hacked HBGary?
Don't distract new programmers with OOP
This is why I sell beer.
You can't do that
Subject: Airbnb
Entreporn, The Fallacy That Wastes Your Life
Save IE6
Imagine K12
Youngest Y Combinator Founders Launch MinoMonsters, The Pokemon Of Social Games
Stop Calling Projects Startups
Why Reddit was down for 6 hours
Liquefaction from the Sendai earthquake – a remarkable video
"Amazon's EBSs are a barrel of laughs in terms of performance and reliability"
Think Stats, using python to learn stats 
How a simple comment on Hacker News made me quit my job and launch a startup
"Aristo" for jQuery UI
CNN Sending Eight Times More Staff to Royal Wedding Than to Japan
Z-410: How ZFS is slowly making its way to Mac OS X
Not A Waste
Larry Page Wants to Return Google to Its Startup Roots
Kevin Rose Resigns From Digg, Closing Round On New Startup
Cosmonaut Crashed Into Earth 'Crying In Rage' [in 1967]
Reddit Is Down To One Developer
Why don’t journalists link to primary sources?
I think tumblr has a huge security hole
Steve Yegge's foreword to Joy of Clojure
New venture of Slicehost founder
Numbers everyone should know
Want to write some code? Get away from your computer
The Tyranny of the Extroverts
I got into YC after applying 6 times. Here's my advice for YC applicants
Phpfog "Down for maintenance"
Sony offers hacker a job. Hacker turns them down because of geoHot
2011 MacBook Pros Crash Under Load
Codified startup advice
AT&T to Acquire T-Mobile USA for $39 Billion
See how many times a URL has been shared on Facebook
Why the Quick Bar (“dickbar”) is still so offensive
Cω
AT&T has a fiberoptic splitter copying our data to NSA
From 0 to 100k users in 72 hours: the full story behind Breakup Notifier
Create web apps in JavaScript right from your browser
Dress.me: Because Guys Hate to Shop
Why we are choosing Clojure as our main programming language
Wife Said No, Apple Said Yes
GitHub now has view modes for image diffs.
Startup Economics 101, or, How Long Until We’re Dead?
Apple Sues Amazon.com, Seeks Order to Stop Use of 'App Store'
Bag of hurt
Dropbox and why you should invest in people
Mainstream Failure
Mozilla Glow: Awesome Firefox 4 live download day map
Firefox 4 is here
Code School now open to the public
Linus Torvalds says Android kernel headers claims totally bogus
The Motherfucking Manifesto For Programming, Motherfuckers
Google releases snappy, the compression library used in Bigtable
How We Got Owned by a Few Teenagers (and Why It Will Never Happen Again)
Why you should never ask permission to clean up code.
Django 1.3 released
From Redmond with Love - IE team sends cake for FF4
MIT is a national treasure
Mark Bao tracks down his stolen laptop and has the last laugh
Paul Graham spills: Why some companies get his cash and others don't
How Carrots Became the new Junk Food
I wanna work at Instagram
How to Ace Calculus: The Art of Doing Well in Technical Courses
Neil Gaiman: Why defend freedom of icky speech? 
Time-saving tips for Linux
Sequoia gives photo-sharing startup more money than they gave Google
A conversation between two chatbots and how one found out the other is an AI.
41,000,006 reasons why I think we're in a bubble
A fifteen year old TCP bug?
Colors.xxx: people. colors. apps. mobile. social. pivot
Secret Fears of the Super-Rich
Wooden iPad 2 cover outsmarts Apple's Smart Cover
Interesting but lesser known data structures
Duke Nukem Forever Gets Delayed... again
Burned by Twitter, Developers Launch Distributed Microblogging Service
How I got sued by Facebook (2010)
Facebook designers' novel approach to the usual name tag problems
My Year as an Amateur Android Game Developer
CAPTCHAs decrease conversion rates
Erik Meijer’s suggestions for further reading in functional programming
Did the Microsoft Stack Kill MySpace?
At least now we know why Color really got that funding
Android openness withering as Google withholds Honeycomb 
Why O'Reilly Media doesn't use DRM
Bullet-proof Node.js coding
A Behind the Scenes Look at Y Combinator's Demo Day
What Larry Page really needs to do to return Google to its startup roots
Flux: Better Lighting for Your Mac
Microsoft Shuts off HTTPS in Hotmail for Over a Dozen Countries
The Mirah Language: bringing modern features to the JVM without runtime overhead
Patio11 says Hello Ladies
Torvalds: Standards are paper. I use paper to wipe my butt every day.
That’s it, we’re quitting
Friends don't let friends get into finance
Cornell Will Reveal Secret Academic Journal Pricing
Unladen Swallow Retrospective
Review my weekend project: Webapp to add CSS to any website and share the result
What life lessons are unintuitive or go against common sense or wisdom?
AMD to Nvidia: prove it, don’t just say it
Best app store review ever
Pick a number from 1 to 10
MySQL.com compromised via (guess what?) SQL injection
It's Time to Fix HTTPS
Ask HN: Anyone have a really smart way to organize css?
Results for: Pick a number from 1 to 10
How did the New York Times manage to spend $40 million on its pay wall?
BreakDOM
The real reason people are mocking Color...
James Gosling joining Google
Hotz fires a powerful blast back at Sony's California jurisdictional claims
We're all remote: how we deal with a 100% remote dev team
How to Insult a Computer Scientist
Mobile Boilerplate: a best practice baseline for your mobile Web app
Quadrocopters juggle balls cooperatively
MIT's artificial leaf is ten times more efficient than the real thing (Wired UK)
Amazon Cloud Drive and Amazon Cloud Player
Introducing Amazon Cloud Drive
Pipe: Infix syntax for Python
The infamous SCSH Scheme shell "Acknowledgements"
Google indexes Stack Overflow at a rate of 10 requests per second
(Highly) profitable, funded YC company looking for technical lead. 
How not to protect against SQL injection (view source)
Learn You a Haskell is now in print
How Western Diets Are Making The World Sick 
Lessons from GitHub's First Year
Evan Williams on leaving Twitter
Hiring Developers: You're Doing It Wrong
Auto submission bots on Hacker News
Samsung installs keylogger on its laptop computers
Skype 5 for Mac
Introducing /run
Node.js Guide
Slightly More Advanced Git techniques
Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Hits Out at Gates 
With +1, Google Search Goes Truly Social — As Do Google Ads
 +1’s: the right recommendations right when you want them—in your search results
AIDS vaccine in final testing
Pioneer Anomaly Solved By 1970s Computer Graphics Technique
Confirmed: Samsung is not shipping keyloggers
Ask HN: Should we agree that this account will submit all Who is Hiring posts?
At work? Try this Hacker News homepage inspired by Node [SFW]
How to damage your brand in one smooth shot - Way to GoDaddy
Why GNU grep is fast
Data.gov & 7 Other Sites to Shut Down After Budgets Cut
Solarized - Color scheme for vim, mutt, terminal emulators
Angry Nerds
Collect HN: Aprils Fools
Slice HD: you will hurt your fingers on your iPad
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (April 2011)
The most difficult CEO skill: managing your own psychology
Can we skip the lame April Fool's submissions?
James Cameron champions faster film projection rates (from 24 to 60 fps)
Learn to remember everything: The memory palace technique
Facebook is Big and Boring
Craigslist has been disrupted
App store shenanigans
Why I went with them and not you: feedback to an interviewer
Why incorporating my startup was my worst mistake
Why TechCrunch is over
Why Is It Rocket Science That Laws Should Apply Online Too?
Show HN: CSS3 Animated Glowing Forms
Top Gear responds to Tesla
Android
Ask HN: Help me, I fuck around on the Internet too much
Gmail Motion April Fools' gag inevitably turned into reality using Kinect
Success, and Farming vs. Mining
Nuclear Power is Safest Way to Make Electricity
Formatting your web content to be a pleasure to read
On Bushido, launch apps from github repos
Zed's new project: Vulnerability Arbitration
Predator Object Tracking Algorithm
Ask HN: How to stave off decline of HN?
Clever algorithms in Ruby
Alan Turing Documentary
Show HN: My weekend project, tracking the services you can't have in Canada
Tron Legacy: how the special effects were done
How to find startup ideas that make money
The Möbius Gear
On Tesla's induction motor
Show HN: my weekend project, Gumroad
Patents and innovation
Sshuttle - tunnel all your traffic through ssh
Raphters, a web framework for C
Introducing the New Commodore 64
Facebook Ads: The Cheapest Traffic You'll Ever Buy
Where can I get large datasets open to the public?
What skills do self-taught programmers commonly lack?
Georgify: Hacker News meets beautiful typography
Why Some People Can Run on Little Sleep and Get So Much Done
The Prime That Wasn’t
OpenSSL memory use in Node.js
Larry Page Begins Major Google Reorg: Engineers, Not Managers, In Charge
India Graduates Millions, But Too Few Are Fit to Hire
Self-Taught Programmers vs CS-Educated Programmers
Writing Clear, Concise, Sentences
Meet news:yc, the open source Hacker News client for your iPhone.
Firefox Add-ons with the Slowest Start-up
Must Read CS Books For Self Self-Taught Programmers
Plain Text Offenders - Did you just email me back my own password? 
Writing code with MS Paint
Jason Fried: Why I Run a Flat Company 
The Montessori Mafia
The traveling German carpenters
Well funded YC W11 startup is hiring: lead backend engineer
C Craft: C is the desert island language.
Before I Die...
France outlaws hashed passwords...
Chinese Infinite Magical Hard-Drive
Poll: Do you know C?
Using prime numbers to make better backgrounds
Facebook open sources its servers and data centers
If you applied to YC this cycle, please put your email address in your profile
7.1 magnitude earthquake hits Japan
Life beyond HTTP 1.1: Google’s SPDY
Introducing Pow, a zero-configuration Rack server for Mac OS X
Anonymous goes after Sony, makes it personal... very personal
Physics Engines for Dummies
 Why do apps from the same company look worse on Android than on iPhone?
Birth and Death of Microsoft Bing
Why Can't Developers Estimate Time?
YouTube is going Live
Crash Course: Design for Startups
Meet the IOIO - USB breakout board for android w/48 digital+analog IO pins
Google acquires ITA Software
Why T-shirts matter at tech companies
My startup story: from big idea to thriving business in 8 short years
Lorempixum: Generate placeholder images (not just gray boxes)
We need a GitHub of Science
MPlayer - Monday 18.4.2011 I will stop providing any service to MPlayer
Scott Adams on How to Get a Real Education
Harvard's 1899 Entrance Exam [pdf]
Larry Page's first blunder
House tells FCC to drop net neutrality
One Way to Deal with Internet Thieves
Wozniak: Innovative projects, not tests, should determine a student's grade
Bittersweet news from Groklaw: mission accomplished, signing off
Modern Microprocessors: A 90 Minute Guide.
GitHub launches Issues 2.0
All Star Trek Episodes from Every Series to Stream on Netflix
Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality
Clever Algorithms: Nature-Inspired Programming Recipes
The US Government Keeps Harassing a UW Researcher Who Speaks for WikiLeaks
The jQuery Divide:Understand where jQuery ends and JavaScript begins
How to build toddler app UIs.
White Hat SEO: It F$#ing Works
Apple AirTunes private key extracted
Peter Thiel: We’re in a Higher Education Bubble
"Diff for HN": Update and highlight changes
Ask HN: Why can't I make as much as I make?
What Lucky People Do Different
ReCAPTCHA Founder's New Startup: Killing Two Birds With One Stone
Notice: Experimenting with HN
Copy-on-write B-tree finally beaten.
Three signs you have a management problem. And that problem might be you
IPad 2 gets glasses-free 3D display using front-facing camera for head tracking
That dev's salary is higher than mine
Mac OS X hidden features and nice tips & tricks
Edw519 wrote a book compiling his best HN Comments
Nginx 1.0.0 is out
VMware launches Node.js, Rails and Spring PaaS
Can a complete novice become a golf pro with 10,000 hours of practice?
The Programmer Salary Taboo
Ioerror's tweets after yet another detention (this time in Texas)
Soldering is easy - 7 page comic book about how to solder
The Humble Frozenbyte Bundle
How to hack yourself a standing desk - an illustrated guide
Flock is dead
Dear Internet: Take the reset buttons off your damn forms
Leaving in a Huff
Show HN: Let's end the Programmer Salary Taboo
Stanford CS enrollment increase "downright scary"
Rails 3.1 shipping with CoffeeScript
My first six months of programming: from man-rodent to partyman
Legal Mistakes Made by Entrepreneurs
Is Sugar Toxic?
Poll: Display points on comments?
Joel Spolsky on allocating ownership in your startup
Teaching binary to 3rd Graders using the Socratic method
Collection of documents that startups commonly need: Privacy Policy, NDA, etc...
Pictures of the first GUIs from Xerox
Introducing Prompt. Nice SSH for iOS.
Rent the country of Liechtenstein for $70,000 a night with Airbnb
Voyager 1 is on the edge, and so is he
Simple algorithms
Why no company that values their data should ever "Go Google" 
Rackspace cloud beats Amazon EC2, by a lot
Ubuntu Unity usability testing results and analysis
Former Google VP Kai-Fu Lee Got a Nickname, Start-Copy Lee
Living in the zone
Screw you. Pay me. 
Why the password "this is fun" is 10 times more secure than "J4fS!2"
FBI seized PokerStars.com, FullTiltPoker.com, UB.com,...  domain names
Why Leaves Really Fall Off Trees
The Lisp Curse
Ask HN: How would you make a site resistant to government takedown?
What was the code quality of the initial version of Google?
A death sentence for a young Chinese businesswoman chills entrepreneurs 
Ask HN: how to become a morning person?
Show HN: made a html5 game, polished it many many times
Photo tour of Facebook’s new datacenter
Online Cash Bitcoin could Challenge Governments, Banks
Cellular Automaton Music Generator
RFC 2468 - I remember IANA
Conway's Game of Life Extrusion
A Patently Obvious Problem
How Bitcoin Works
Khan Academy Redesign
Square's Disruptive Payment Service About to Get A Huge Retail Boost from Apple
List of copyrighted places
Git is Inconsistent
In the UK? Strange browser behaviour? You might be being IWF’d.
Fooling myself to work
JQuery Events: Stop (Mis)Using Return False
Git can't be made consistent
Oracle gives up on OpenOffice after community forks the project
Dropbox Hits 25 Millions Users, 200 Million Files Per Day
The unofficial Google shell
Spine -- A lightweight framework for building JavaScript web applications
New CSS Techniques and Tools
Insight From Dropbox: Failure Is Not The Worst Outcome, Mediocrity Is
Hacking The Status Game
DuckDuckGo and Wolfram Alpha are now official partners
Show HN: An isometric marble run build in CoffeeScript
Peter Thiel Is Wrong About Higher Education (It’s Worse Than A Bubble)
Dropbox Lack of Security
Git Cheatsheet (Visualization)
(Android) Developer Income Report #9
The Node Beginner Book
Working Best at Coffee Shops
QuickSilver for Mac Lives
Want to attract top tech talent? Offer telecommuting
Hashify.me - store entire website content in the URL
A better way to teach math
Why PHP Was a Ghetto
Bug 647959 – Add Honest Achmed's root certificate
Have you ever printed a boarding pass?
The Sad, Beautiful Fact That We're All Going To Miss Almost Everything
IPhones and 3G iPads log your location in an unencrypted file on the device
Steve Yegge v. Rich Hickey re: "Clojure just needs to start saying Yes"
iPhone Tracker - map a history of your iPhone's locations.
Showoff
Joel Spolsky is doing an IAmA on reddit
Recommended Readings in AI - a list by Russell and Norvig
2-D Glasses
Apple is not “recording your moves”
Great jquery tutorial
"... so now I will jiggle things randomly until they unbreak" is not acceptable'
Amazon Web Services are down
My National Security Letter Gag Order (2007)
Building a Web Application that makes $500 a Month – Part I
Thank HN: 127 days since I asked for your advice.
AWS is down, but here's why the sky is falling
Everything popular is wrong: Making it in electronic music
Fallacies of Distributed Computing
IBM's infamous "Black Team"
A common bug in published code
Why Twilio Wasn’t Affected by Today’s AWS Issues
Amazon’s problem isn’t the outage, it’s the communication
Doom engine code review
Court rules Linux kernel infringes on patents. Lawsuit avalanche to follow.
Linus Torvalds on Garbage Collection (2002)
Questions you’ll (probably) get asked at your YC interview
Show HN: Amazon EC2 instance comparison table
Basics of Compiler Design
Super Mario 64 was built with a system written in Lisp
The Dark Side of Hadoop
Amazon’s $23,698,655.93 book about flies
Google Tech Talks: "All Questions Answered" by Donald Knuth
Joel Spolsky: Can your programming language do this?
Finally someone makes sense of JavaScript's this keyword
Company was hosting cardiac patient monitoring on EC2
Dear Dr. Stallman: An Open Letter
Python for Android | Linux Journal
MLPY - high-performance Python library for predictive modeling
A minimalistic desk to handle cables and electronic clutter elegantly
Ask PG: How has voting habit/volume changed since being hidden?
 The Linux Security Circus: On GUI isolation
We’re In The Middle Of A Terrible Blubble
Dropship — successor to torrents?
Custom UI Database for iOS
Pry: A better Ruby REPL
SpaceX aims to put man on Mars in 10-20 years
What Should You Do with Your Crappy Little Services Business?
Russia's Crime of the Century
Tanking the YC interview, some lessons learned
Working with the Chaos Monkey
The Guantanamo Files
Never say “no,” but rarely say “yes.”
SurveyMonkey to buy Wufoo (YC W06) for $35m
SurveyMonkey Acquires Wufoo (YC W06)
The Merge Button
Dropbox Attempts To Kill Open Source Project
Sitting All Day: Worse For You Than You Might Think
How I got into YC as a non-technical single founder
7% of Americans Subscribe to Netflix, Now Larger than any Cable Company
Protip for salary seekers pt 2: Results from some mining of the H1-B database
SETI Institute suspends search for aliens
A “perfect” voting system
Tell HN: Please bring back comment scores
Why programmers are not paid in proportion to their productivity
Rails Hotline (live phone help with RoR)
Sony: All personal data stolen from PSN
How to beat Apple
Pixar's Library
Heroku's AWS outage post-mortem
Your taste is why your work disappoints you.
Apple Q&A on gathering and use of location data (Apple Press Release)
Google’s secret perk? A private hackerspace
Why I, Jeff Bezos, Keep Spending Billions On Amazon R&D
YouTube Founders Acquire Delicious From Yahoo
YouTube Founders Acquire Delicious
Building a Web Application that makes $500 a Month – Part II
Non-Libyan URL Shortener
Netflix Is Killing BitTorrent in The US
How to parse a sentence and decide if to answer "that's what she said"?
Eating Healthily for $3 a Day
Ubuntu 11.04 (Natty Narwhal)
MacBook Air is enough for a work machine
Facebook shoots first, ignores questions later; account lock-out attack works
Why Instapaper Free is taking an extended vacation
Joel Spolsky: Lunch
I don't learn anything on HN anymore, bring back the upvote count
The Linux perf command rocks
Why we need an Open Wireless movement
Genesis of requiring a "Dropbox folder," versus designated folders
If You’re Going To Kill It, Open Source It
Voyager Set to Enter Interstellar Space
Dictionary of Algorithms and Data Structures
AWS Service Disruption Post Mortem
Geohot Chimes In
LSD: The Geek's Wonder Drug
Bose founder makes big stock donation to MIT
Play by Play: Zed Shaw
AppleCrate II: A New Apple II-Based Parallel Computer
Mozilla Chromeless 0.2
Lessons Netflix Learned from the AWS Outage
Fructose: compile Ruby into PHP
Ultra-Light Titanium Ribbon Bike Lock
The investment that didn't happen
Workers Leaving the Googleplex
New order of animals discovered?
Rootkit on a Brand new Toshiba laptop
Microsoft Support: Computer Randomly Plays Classical Music
PyPy 1.5 Released: Catching Up
Bitcoin hits US$ 4, after being mentioned on CNN yesterday
A Rough Guide to Social Skills for Awkward Smart People
Patent 5,893,120 reduced to mathematical formulae
Bitcoin exchange account of Coinpal shut down by Paypal
Wikileaks: Police Arrested Movie Pirate As “A Personal Favor” To Movie Official
Clean Up Your Mess - A Guide to Visual Design for Everybody
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (May 2011)
Vico Editor (Mac text editor)
Ryan Dahl (Creator of Node.js) is doing an IAMA on Reddit
Hacker News Analysis
Osama bin Laden Is Dead
Guy unknowingly live tweets the Osama raid in Abbottabad
The Hot/Crazy Solid State Drive Scale
Wikileaks Founder: Facebook is the most appalling spy machine ever invented
Antihydrogen Trapped For 1000 Seconds
Google's Backdoor Access System into Gmail Accounts
Startups Are Hard
After botched child porn raid, judge sees the light on IP addresses
Why floats suck - accurate galaxy-wide coordinates in 128 bits
The daily lunch delivery of India's dabbawallahs 
Sony loses 12,700 credit card numbers
How I Turned Down $300,000 from Microsoft to go Full-Time on GitHub
I take illegal drugs for inspiration
Stack Overflow Makes Slow Pages 100x Faster By Simple SQL Tuning 
Woman removes SIM card from smart energy meter, uses $193k of 3G data
JQuery 1.6 released
Slicehost accounts will be converted to Rackspace cloud accounts
John Resig joins the Khan Academy
Anatomy of a Fake Quotation
Why I still don’t contribute to open source
Linode launches native IPv6 support
Tor project decides to fork Firefox
Be a quiet professional
Electron Band Structure In Germanium, My Ass 
Get-shit-done - Easy way to stop distractions
Your Chrome browser might not be using HTTP anymore
The Last Post
Intel Reinvents Transistors Using New 3-D Structure
John Resig, creator of jQuery, AMA. 
LikeALittle's Ridiculous Hacker House
Mysterious US Helicopter Used in Bin Laden Raid
Silicon Milkroundabout: Forget the banks, come and join a London startup
The story of George — ayttm's most prolific non-developing contributor
British hackers: stop voting for lizards; start voting for people TODAY
Man Builds $4.8M model airport with computer controlled vehicles
Techniques To Simplify Sign-Ups and Log-Ins
Hacking Hacker News Headlines
DHS asks Mozilla to take down MafiaaFire add-on
Sony was running unpatched Apache with no firewall for months before breach
Game developer David Braben creates a USB stick PC for $25
Front End Development Guidelines
The author of Nginx on why V8 is not suitable for web servers
Mozilla tells DHS: we won't help you censor the Internet
Stolen Camera Finder
How fast is the Internet at Google? Mind blowing.
Apple not providing LGPL webkit source code for latest iOS 4.3.x
Getting Users For Your New Startup
Google humans.txt
This Could be Big: Decentralized Web Standard Under Development by W3C
Machine Learning: A Love Story
New iPhone app identifies trees from photos of their leaves
KGPU — Accelerating Linux Kernel Functions with CUDA
56% of Americans have Internet data caps; FCC asked to investigate
Skype bug gives attackers root access to Mac OS X
Joe Hewitt : I'm an indie developer now. 
Einstein for Everyone 
Understanding the code inside Tornado, the asynchronous web server
Why the US can beat China: The Facts about SpaceX Costs
Speaking of the British
The Class that built Apps, and Fortunes
“Inside Apple” Reveals Steve Jobs Anecdotes, Apple’s Little Known Facts
Bitcoin app rejected by Apple
There's more to HTML escaping than &amp;, &lt;, &gt;, and " 
Leaving Google
Google I/O 2011 Countdown clock
Congress Bans Some Scientific Collaboration with China, Citing Espionage Risk
LevelDB: a fast and lightweight key/value database library
2011 Logo Trends
How To: Spend your investors’ money
LastPass Disclosure Shows Why We Can't Have Nice Things
Twitter and Facebook Both Quietly Kill RSS
An algorithm for the Names at the 9/11 Memorial
Schneier: The Dishonest Minority: Security and its Role in Modern Society
Learning Modern 3D Graphics Programming with OpenGL 3
The Pirate Bay: “The Battle of Internets is About to Begin” 
FBI Tracking Device Teardown
Google Chrome Hacked
What percentage of people are alive today?
Realism in UI Design
What happens to all the Asian-American overachievers when the test-taking ends?
Microsoft to buy Skype for $7 billion
Google Code University
Microsoft to acquire Skype
Kill Math
Let’s mug a startup founder
Love in GIT
Google App Engine for Go
How to Email Busy People
-- --- •-• ••• • -•-• --- -•• • •• -• •--- •- •••- •- ••• -•-• •-• •• •--• -
WikiLeaks' Assange gets Australian peace prize 
Airbnb Taps Facebook, Lets You Crash With Friends Of Friends
SLR Camera Simulator
CSS builder for shadows, backgrounds, and borders
Apple's 30% vig for ebooks just killed the iFlow Reader app
FBI: If you knew what your phone company tells us, you'd probably sue
In Fifty Days, Payments Innovation Will Stop In Silicon Valley
Chromebook
Angry Birds for Chrome in Canvas and WebGL
Important languages to learn to understand different approaches and concepts
Google Storage Now Available To Developers
Add recurring billing to your site. No coding, monthly fees, gateways. Code=HN
Why Geeks Should Love HP WebOS
Heroku architecture
This is What Irony Tastes Like: Capcom and the PSN Outage
Why I get my entertainment via BitTorrent
Facebook Loses Much Face In Secret Smear On Google
Satellite Images of North Korea Prison Camps Find 200,000 Living as Slaves
Colourlovers (YC W10) is hiring - build creative services, play with color
Oops: Facebook caught planting anti-Google stories to press
Show HN: New platform for finding work - $2000 project minimum
ROME HTML5 demo
Active Admin - The missing administration framework for Ruby on Rails
FBI: If We Told You . . . (Part II)
The Ballmer Days Are Over
Ask HN: Apart from Hacker News, what else you read?
The Rise of "Logical Punctuation".
Creator of "Dirty Jobs" Mike Rowe testifies to Congress
Indie iOS Devs Under Legal Fire For Offering In-App Purchases
Rails 3 - Fully Loaded
Gary Vaynerchuk: “99.5 Percent Of Social Media Experts Are Clowns” (TCTV)
Mailgun (YC W11) Raises $1.1 Million For Its "Twilio For Email"
CEO of Svpply: I have no idea what I'm doing
Dropbox Lied to Users about Data Security, Complaint to FTC Alleges
Mental Illness and Startups
Lockitron (YC S09) Lets You Unlock Your Door With Your Phone
Is it hard to build a web app that makes at least $1000 a month?
Maybe Americans aren't dumb enough to keep buying houses?
Why Microsoft bought Skype
Beats Drum Machine
America's License Raj
What Every C Programmer Should Know About Undefined Behavior #2/3
Sony: The Company That Kicked the Hornet's Nest
How Little Sleep Can You Get Away With?
Honestly.com – Not acting so honestly
Rails 3 Performance - Not Good Enough
What’s up with ARM
JSON: The JavaScript subset that isn't
The senators who say linking to certain sites should be a felony
How to make wifi work at tech conferences
Carnegie Mellon creates fund to invest in its recent graduates
Telescopictext
Ridiculously easy world times and meetings across time zones
My daughter was first sued in the womb
Cranking
Groklaw to continue with former Red Hat general counsel in charge
Everyone sucks at interviewing. Everyone.
Poll: Do you support software patents?
Mono Developers start their own company
New bill upgrades unauthorized Internet streaming to a felony
IOS RAGE rendered with WebGL
Windows 7 Network Awareness: How Windows knows it has an Internet connection
Boot a linux kernel right inside your browser. 
Intuitive explication of Fourier Transformation
Fabrice Bellard [pdf]
Fly Like You're Rich With Social Flights (And Private Planes)
Netflix Now The Largest Single Source of Internet Traffic In North America
Come hack the auto industry at CarWoo! (YCS09)
Why Google's hiring process is broken
How to Quit Your Job, Move to Paradise, and Get Paid to Change the World
Y Combinator Is Boot Camp for Startups
Being Frugal Makes You A Loser
Brick Nintendo before they brick you
TermKit - a graphical terminal replacement
PSN has been hacked again
The tent that turns into concrete in less than 24 hours
HelloFax (w2011) is seeking its first hire. Help make the world paper free.
Do not let your domain expire with Google Apps
Help build the worlds biggest gaming social network at Heyzap (YC W09)
GroupTalent - Hire Effective Teams. Not Individuals.
Human Brain Project: $1.61 billion to achieve human brain emulation by 2024
Twitter’s Shit Sandwich
Flying Car (and 0-60 in less than 4 seconds!)
Ginzametrics (YC S10) is Hiring Rails Developers
You can increase your intelligence
Why F1 Steering Wheels Have Over 20 Buttons - And What They All Do
Secure your Linux server - HowTo by the NSA
"The Best of edw519" is now free. Reverse Happy Birthday
Be employee #1 with Envolve (S11) Help build the world's best messaging platform
 WeekendHacker.net - A place for very small projects
LNKD IPO opens huge at $83
Google vows to fight antipiracy bill even if passed
Guy Asks For Software Crack, Creator Provides Free App Instead
SF/Palo Alto-based Startup Hiring Software Engineers
Javascript Bitcoin Miner
Cool, but obscure Unix tools
Ask HN: How much recurring income do you generate, and from what?
Stallman's Dystopia
BankSimple: We have cards
Fetch.io Downloads Your Torrents For You Insanely Fast, Then Streams Them to You
Firefox add-on with 7m downloads secretly tracks your browsing history
Want Hacker News Comment Scores Back? Check out HNPoints.com
Skip Flash, Build Animations in HTML5 With Hype (YC W11)
EFF: Apple Should Stand Up and Defend Its Developers
Einstein Was Right: NASA Announces Results of Epic Space-Time Experiment
Jobs on the importance of saying "no"
WordPress Discontinues Support for Internet Explorer 6
Was LinkedIn Scammed?
What Every C Programmer Should Know About Undefined Behavior #3/3
JSONSelect
Is graphene a miracle material?
System for generic, decentralized, unstoppable Internet anonymity
 news:yc (iPhone HN client) finally accepted into the App Store
You're Using JSON, Why not MessagePack?
Rails 3.1: Release candidate
Repairing Corrupted ZIP Files by Brute Force Scanning in C
An Introduction to Data Mining
Byron Sonne’s G20 security focus cost him dearly
What If Drivers Were Hired Like Programmers?
London Is Gonna Be Pissed, But We Prefer Berlin for Startups
A Guide to Stocks & Options for the Startup Entrepreneur (or Employee)
None of Us Knows What We're Doing
Treatise on Font Rasterisation
Chrome has transcended version numbers
Online services I pay for
Why is America the 'no-vacation nation'?
Square’s Disruptive New iPad Payments Service Will Replace Cash Registers
Apple Tells Lodsys Patent Troll to Back Off
Full text: Apple Legal's letter to Lodsys
C++ at Google: Here Be Dragons
Are you a technical person?
YC W11 startup with $2M in fresh capital and sick office looking for key devs
Entrepreneur, the Magazine That Sues Entrepreneurs
G8 agenda calls for "civilized Internet": monitored, governed, controlled, taxed
Textify: Convert images to HTML text
Duke Nukem Forever has gone gold
Y Combinator’s Paul Graham: We’re Looking For People Like Us
Erlang inventor: Why do we need modules and files?
Gray code at the pediatrician's office
Peititon for Wikpedia to become first digital World Heritage Site 
What papers should everyone read? - Theoretical Computer Science
Doctors and dentists tell patients, "all your review are belong to us"
Newegg stores your password in plaintext
The Only Way to Get Important Things Done 
Copyfight: EFF co-founder enters e-G8 "lion's den," rips into lions
Hidden Egyptian pyramids founds through infra red satellite images
Top Programming Fonts
Interaction & Visual Designer Wanted
Google Exec Says It's A Good Idea: Open The Index And Speed Up The Internet
Don't give bullshit advice
Google Correlate
Office Hours With Paul Graham At TC Disrupt
Advanced Google Analytics for Startups
1 in 6 Russian entrepreneurs are in jail, 1 in 3 prisoners are businessmen
Roger Ebert: The dying of the light
Inspired by XKCD:903, Wikipedia steps to philosophy
“Our Marketing Is Up Fog Creek” And What We Did About It
Going Paper-Free for $220
Author of LuaJIT explains why compilers can't beat hand-coded assembly
BareMetal is a 64-bit OS for x86-64 based computers
Coming soon: make your phone your wallet
Sen. Ron Wyden places a "hold" on the PROTECT IP Act
PayPal sues Google + ex-PayPal VP for Google Wallet
HTC sides with consumers: No more locked bootloaders in Android phones
Let's just use Emacs
On Chomsky and the Two Cultures of Statistical Learning
Microsoft makes 5 times more income from Android than from Windows Phone
These are things in PHP which make me sad
Why should anyone ever use a Google API again?
Voronoi Polygonal Map Generation
Forgotten Soviet Moon Rover Beams Light Back to Earth
The problem is we don't understand the problem
Screw Hashbangs: Building the Ultimate Infinite Scroll 
It’s OK to make an extra $2k per month if you’re a programmer. Here’s how.
Ideas Matter
Can We Kill This Myth That The Internet Is A Wild West That Needs To Be Tamed?
How to handle 1000s of concurrent users on a 360MB VPS
How Facebook pushes updates to the site
Depression, Burn Out and Writing Code
What would a teaspoonful of neutron star do to you?
A Refrigerator that Runs Without Electricity
Speeding up Rails startup time
Pastebin abused
Your Commute Is Killing You
Show HN: IMDb Top 250 available on Netflix Instant
Poll: Should HN display comment scores?
Lytro Lightfield Gallery
Tune In, Turn On, Drop Out – The Startup Genome Project
The brain's 5-million core, 9 Hz computer
Regulation, not technology is holding back driverless cars
Cookiejacking: 0-day exploit of all Internet Explorer versions
PostgreSQL tips and tricks
Linux 3.0-rc1 is here
Julius Caesar's Last Breath
The Architecture of Open Source Applications: LLVM
Visualisation of Machine Learning Algorithms
Pixar: Getting over embarrassment
Airbnb Has Arrived: Raising Mega-Round at a $1 Billion+ Valuation
Loren wants to work at Airbnb
How to send and reply to email
Firefox 6 - WebSockets are back
I will build your prototype
Building a Startup: 12 Priceless Tools for Launching Your MVP
What I Learned From Fixing my Laptop's Motherboard
New Algorithm Impressively Depixelates Pixel Art
You don't get shit you don't ask for
The Revolutionary Birth Control Method for Men
How AirBnB Became a Billion Dollar Company
This Guy Has My MacBook
Productivity tips for the easily distracted
The Matt Cutts Debunking Flowchart
Google open sourcing voice and video engine for the web
GitHub: Block the Bullies
Enough Is Enough
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (June 2011)
Battleships: a ridiculous but awesome idea
Blunt and necessary review of programming language books.
Open source remakes of games you're still loving
Y Combinator Numbers
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation
Google uncovers major account-hijacking campaign targeting senior US officials
Previewing Windows 8 (Video)
The Quora post that killed Bitcoins. Please discuss if his arguments are valid.
Skype protocol reverse engineered, source available
Alternative jQuery Documentation
The Oatmeal vs. FunnyJunk: webcomic copyright fight gets personal
Introducing schema.org: Search engines come together for a richer web
Groupon files for IPO
SonyPictures.com hacked, personal information and passwords compromised
Action and habit
Safari extension to hide Bitcoin stories on HN
Where Did Groupon’s Billion Dollars (Series G) Go?
How Perceptual Hashes Work
Google paper comparing performance of C++, Java, Scala, and Go [PDF]
Anonymous releases 10,365 e-mails from the Iranian government
Copenhagen Suborbitals open-source private spacerocket will launch in an hour
$100k Revenues in One Month
Try to digest the Groupon story
Groupon is Effectively Insolvent
Google acquires Postrank.com
The depth and breadth of Python
GitHub, Collaboration, and Haters
Groupon is a straight-up Ponzi scheme
Google to offer for-pay Translate API
Amazon: Ponzi Scheme or Wal-Mart of the Web? (2000)
How I Failed, Failed, and Finally Succeeded at Learning How to Code
LulzSec versus FBI (We Challenge You, NATO)
Kids who spot bullshit, and the adults who get upset about it
Hacker News Search
Hate Java? You’re fighting the wrong battle.
Suspension, Ban or Hellban?
How a 3 week business trip to the US got reduced to 3 hours
Fire the workaholics (2008)
HNSearch API Contest
Andrew Mason’s "I'm not answering that" technique
I moved to Singapore
Sony Music Brazil hacked 
Ask HN: My Startup is Going to Die Because I Messed Up
Show HN: Google Charts done in Canvas, side project
Show HN: Log.io (Realtime log monitoring, powered by node.js + socket.io)
Mistakes You Can’t Afford to Make with Stock Options
A brief Sony password analysis
What agile means to me (and why it never really works)
Piracy: are we being conned?
Intel significantly speeds up graphics under Linux (X.org)
Lessons From a Coffee Entrepreneur
Mac OS X Lion: Coming In July For $29
Apple's iCloud will automatically store, sync data for free
Chart.io hiring engineer to disrupt enterprise analytics. 
LulzSec Exposed
Mysterious number 6174 
What Safari’s Reading List means for Instapaper
Reject the PROTECT IP Act
RSA finally comes clean: SecurID is compromised
How to steal a Russian airport
HTML Email Boilerplate
Hello Backbone.js - A step-by-step tutorial
Greplin hiring Javascript hacker - web, extensions, mobile, and Node
An eruption from the Sun that happened today
iCloud’s Real Purpose is to Kill Windows
Amazon ‘willing to be misunderstood for very long periods of time’
Anonymous message to NATO
IPv6 Day Has Started
The Go Programming Language, or: Why all C-like languages except one suck.
Steve Jobs Presents His Ideas For A New Apple Campus
"My current theory is that programming is quite literally writing."
The Dangerous Mr. Khan
Evernote Peek, The First iPad Smart Cover App
Failed entrepreneur, broke, unemployed, now taking care of aging parents. Help.
Normalize.css: An alternative to CSS resets
Git Tutorials for Beginners
Richard Dreyfuss' dramatic reading of the iTunes EULA
Advanced Computer Science Courses
Google: Les Pauls 96th birthday
My life in Accenture before startups
Apple copies rejected app
Apple Reverses Course On In-App Subscriptions
My Email Canary
Meanwhile, just East of Silicon Valley, in Tupelo Mississippi...
Code Quarterly's Interview with Rich Hickey
Done, that was easy. Keep your money, we do it for the lulz
Facebook Acquires Sofa
Why we are unlikely to ever leave the solar system.
A Big Surprise from the Edge of the Solar System
Protolol Jokes
For Google, iCloud Is Annoying; For Microsoft, It's A Humiliation
How to replace 30 laptops (and $10,000) with 150 sheets of paper
Redditor Explains Why Apple Continue Making Frail Power Cables
CampusCred Seeking First Hire Engineer to Change the College Marketplace
The man who screwed an entire country
Coding tricks I learnt at Apple
The checkered past of Groupon's chairman
How I Learned to Live Google-free
Taking Cold Showers
Reflections on Trusting Trust (Ken Thompson's Turing Award speech)
War on Urchin
How we got the unusual symbol used for the Mac menu command key
The Linux desktop experience is killing Linux on the desktop
1Gbps fiber for $70&mdash;in America? Yup.
Don't Forget Your Logged Out Users
After Three Months of Using a Standing Desk
Yes, You Can Run 18 Static Sites on a 64MB VPS
Permanent home for Les Paul Google Logo
Detroit DIYer cooks up stronger, lighter steel, shames scientists
The Reduceron, a CPU designed for functional programs
Steve Jobs: Thank you for disobeying me
All these Brilliant People at Facebook Make Me Sad
Guy makes a knife from scratch.  He has to make a smelter first.
Tower Bridge bot killed by Twitter, replaced with marketing
Python idioms
Scala: The Static Language that Feels Dynamic (Bruce Eckel)
Aha Moments When Learning Git
Facebook users drop in the US and Canada
Why Google Earth Can't Show You Israel
Why I won't be using Groupon again.. A consumer perspective. 
Why Groupon Is Poised For Collapse
It's official: developers get better with age. And scarcer. 
Welcome Sam, Garry, Emmett, and Justin
Love startups but not a developer? We need biz dev hustlers.
What the hell is happening to rails?
ASCII diagram creator
Duke Nukem Forever: barely playable, not funny, rampantly offensive
If you develop web apps, don't do this.
ResizeMyBrowser
WTH is happening to Rails? I'll tell you.
Earth may be headed into a mini Ice Age within a decade
What’s Up With All These Changes in Rails?
Bump (YC S09): Come To Our Magic Show!
Tell HN: Our experience with Groupon
What to Say To Someone Who is Sick
Troubled Startup Color Loses Cofounder Peter Pham
DIY Weapons of the Libyan Rebels
How Hackers Stole 200,000 Citi Accounts Just By Changing Numbers In The URL
Sleep Sort
Myths About Introverts
PDF Reader in JavaScript
ORM is an anti-pattern
"Most likely to succeed" YC W11 company is looking for its first engineer.
We've got 99 problems but traction ain't one 
Fantastic summary of some of the math pertinent to theoretical computer science.
A Look Inside the Process of One of the World’s Most Efficient Studiers
CSS Lint
CIA.gov Possibly Down, LulzSec Claims Responsibility
Pdf.js: Rendering PDF with HTML5 and JavaScript
Our office is too big -- we need some badass hackers to fill it up.
Ooops.
UseTheSource: a job board for hackers
Our office is too big -- we need some badass hackers to fill it up.
Advice From An Old Programmer
Linode turns 8; Disk space +25%
Instant Company
I don't program in my spare time. Does that make me a bad developer?
Y Combinator's Graham Says Startups Must Improve Lives 
Show HN: roll.io eats txt files and shits youtube videos. Useful?
The Clock in the Mountain
JavaScript mp3 decoder allows Firefox to play mp3 without flash
LulzSec: Why we do what we do
Jedberg leaves reddit
AOL Exposed: A Former AOL Employee Speaks Out
Why you shouldn't start a startup
Apple’s iCloud Icon Uses The Golden Ratio
US Senators ignore unintended consequences of criminalizing embedding videos
An Open Letter To LulzSec
Facebook PR: Tonight We Dine In Hell
Software Businesses In 5 Hours A Week
High school grad builds 8-bit computer from scratch
JSON users: Avoid CSRFs by not using top-level arrays
The alternative Internet, WiFi based
Join Nowmov (W10) mobile team to replace your cable box with your iOS device!
Chrome at 20% market share, IE9 less than IE7
Geeky Stats About Magic Mushrooms
Amen: the world's most famous sample and the rise of the musical copyright
Google Already had a Like Button (and other redundancy)
TEDTalks as of 06.16.11
Why Your Form Checkboxes Need to Have Label Tags
MIT professor's hack to recruit students
The story of the Gömböc 
500k Bitcoins traded in 1h, Mt.Gox market hacked + crash
Show HN: HN Trends - like Google Trends, but for Hacker News
Google reminds users to "Call Dad", makes users angry
Fish don't know they're in water
ICANN Approves generic top-level domains
Own Our Product Design. 
DuckDuckGo: Escape your search engine filter bubble
New security issue at Dropbox
Why I've built an alternative to Github
Join Nowmov (YC W10) to unleash the potential of AirPlay in iOS 5
Become first engineering hire at "most sought after" YC company
I'm the guy who bought 259684 Bitcoins for under $3000 yesterday
Google discontinues support for IE7 in Google Apps
Dropbox Cofounder & CTO Arash Ferdowsi responds to yesterday's bug
You don't understand something until you think it's obvious.
Coding Horror: Performance is a Feature
EFF and Bitcoin
Nokia N9
Chrome dev on WebGL security and Microsoft bullshit
LulzSec supposedly claims its biggest coup yet: The entire UK 2011 Census
Firefox 5 is now officially released
Pinboard.in service limited - FBI raided hosting company and pulled equpiment
Edsger Dijkstra's note on starting array indices at 0 (pdf, 1982)
Please, make yourself uncomfortable
F.B.I. Seizes Web Servers, Knocking Sites Offline 
Revolutionary "Light Field" camera tech - shoot-first, focus-later
Michael Abrash on Quake: "Finish the product and you’ll be a hero."
GitHub for Mac
My Life as an Undocumented Immigrant
Ten apps is all I need
Poll: What database does your company use?
Be Employee or Intern #1
Why a*a*a*a*a*a cannot be optimized to (a*a*a)*(a*a*a)?
Scaling with MongoDB (or how Urban Airship abandoned it for PostgreSQL)
The average color of the New York City sky, updated every 5 minutes.
Optimizely Open-Sources Guiders.js, a Library to Help You Guide New Users
Q: Why can I access an out-of-scope C++ var? A: So you rent a hotel room...
Echoprint: Open-source music fingerprinting
Hackers needed to help build the “Wikipedia of everyone, ever” at 1000memories
Kind of Screwed
Nevada passes law authorizing driverless cars
The FBI stole an Instapaper server in an unrelated raid
Porting Node to Windows With Microsoft’s Help
Google switches GTalk's VOIP protocol to Jingle
LulzSec releases trove of AZ law enforcement documents
Team Fortress 2 now free forever
The Origin of the word Daemon
How to Make Text Look Interesting: Minimalist Web Design
10000 things all CS students should do before graduating
Facebook autobot going berserker 
Skype options turn out to be worthless
TrueCrypt User Held in Contempt of Court
Jeff Bezos commissioning a giant clock to last 10,000 years.
Profiling Go Programs
Loser-Pays makes lawsuits fairer in Europe. It could work here, too.
Goodbye Basecamp, This Is The End
Bank of Canada: The New $100 Note
Research into hallucinogenic drugs begins to shake off decades of taboo
Telstra Fears LulzSec Attacks, Hesitates On Internet Filter
Making a Ponyo boat
OS X – Safe, yet horribly insecure
Sam Altman will clean your house for $5
AT&T's Rube Golbergian Web Form
Solar-Powered 3D Printer that Prints Glass from Sand
LulzSec: 50 Days of Lulz statement
Hacker CS: The Khan Academy of Computer Science.
Lulzsec/gn0sis/AnonOps dox'd
I Spent A Coin (And I Liked It) — How I Bought Lunch in Manhattan with Bitcoins
JavaScript is Dead. Long Live JavaScript
Skype’s Worthless Employee Stock Option Plan: Here’s Why They Did It
Don't be rich, Live rich
Show HN: My weekend project, QR-codes for everybody
Things you (probably) didn't know about xargs
Hacked Gmail Account
Why founding a 3-person startup with 0 revenue is better than working for GS
Why mobile apps suck when you're mobile (TCP over 3G)
Testing Benford's Law
Learn Python The Hard Way 2nd Edition Released
Paper.js — The Swiss Army Knife of Vector Graphics Scripting
Excited about iOS 5? Join Nowmov (YC W10) to unleash the potential of AirPlay
SearchYC is shutting down
Our office is too big -- we need some badass hackers to fill it up.
Looking for designer number 1
Groupon leaks entire Indian user database
How (not) to sell your iOS app
How to take advantage of Redis just adding it to your stack
Swiffy: convert SWF files to HTML5
Google Reveals Its Stealth Social Project, Google+
Google+ Project: It’s Social, It’s Bold, It’s Fun, And It Looks Good
Google+ Demo
Designing GitHub for Mac
Newly acquired Fanvibe (S10) looking for System Administrator lead
Flask 0.7 Released (Python Web Framework)
Revisiting 'Zork': What We Lost in the Transition to Visual Games
Google Introduces Facebook Competitor, Emphasizing Privacy
Hipmunk now indicates which flights have Wi-Fi
Google Takeout: Download your data from Picasa, Contacts, Buzz and Profiles
Google Introducing New Visual Design Across All Products
New Google Web Fonts Interface
Dotjs — hack the web
First Night With Google Plus: This is Very Cool
Guide to Programming Clojure For Beginners
Why is European broadband faster and cheaper? Blame the government
Sal Khan has started videos about Python
The Tale of OpenGL vs. Direct3D
AWS drops bandwidth pricing
Robert Morris, Pioneer in Computer Security, Dies at 78
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash
Calling Bullshit on Unpaid Interships
How to improve your programming skills
Open letter to BlackBerry bosses: Senior RIM exec tells all as company crumbles
Please stop asking how to find a technical co-founder.
Restoring a Photograph from the 1870s
The One Google Plus Feature Facebook Should Fear
Those 500K Bitcoins that caused the flash crash weren't real
A preview of Gmail’s new look
How To Safely Store A Password
Time to Close the Security Theater
Sublime Text 2: Beta
Google Calendar Redesign: It's Goddamn Terrible
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (July 2011)
Andy Herzfield tells about the team behind Google+ Circles
Why yo momma won’t use Google+ (and why that thrills me to no end)
Lambdas in C
Failure: Building a web app that makes $50/month
Zynga Files to Raise $1 Billion via IPO
Backbone.js 0.5.0 Released (with pushState)
Faster JavaScript parsing
Google bid pi billion dollars for Nortel patents (and lost)
CSS3 Isometric text
Why I'm Rooting For Google+
Dropbox TOS Includes Broad Copyright License
Pure CSS GUI icons (experimental)
Hemingway, Hounded by the Feds
The 44 Chromosome Man
Tom Anderson: Google+ makes Google a better, more integrated set of services
Web Intents - the future of web apps
Introduction to Computer Science with Python [pdf]
Learn C The Hard Way
TrueCrypt Discrepancy
Thorium nuclear reactors: a possible solution of the energy crisis? (video)
Nobody Understands REST or HTTP
Once Greece goes...
What every programmer should know about time
Illustrated Calculus Textbook
Google just launched prizes.org
Google made my son cry
Very clever story telling using HTML and Javascript...
Twitter Shifting More Code to JVM, Citing Performance and Encapsulation
The Capacitive Button Cult Must Be Stopped
Hover.com: we store & email passwords in plaintext for usability
Google Loses Access to Twitter Stream, Suspends Realtime Search
Question for PG/HN:  Where do you think we stand on your list of "ideas"?
This is why memory fragmentation is bad
Advanced Javascript tips and tricks
MIT 6.006: Algorithms in Python
Facebook blocks Google Chrome extension for exporting friends
Cool notification messages with CSS3 & Jquery
US claims all .com and .net websites are in its jurisdiction
Twitter acquires BackType (YC S08)
Clojure on Heroku
Google to Retire Blogger & Picasa Brands in Google+ Push
The Broken Promises of MRI/REE/YARV
All NeXT Inc.'s Plant Lacks Is Orders (1990)
Why I read Hacker News even though I understand very little of it
Internet predictions from 1982
Google+ is Awesome. Facebook Maimed, Twitter Mortally Wounded?
My legitimate co.cc site was deleted from Google, what do I do?
JQuery 1.6.2 syntax error? You may be the victim of SEO.
Hack Hardware with inPulse (YC W11) - Fall intern
Facebook's Three New Products
MySpace, Skype announce partnership (2007)
Why scientific programming does not compute
Users of my iOS Game Teach Me a Lesson MIT Didn’t
Fast-growing (2MM monthly uniques) YC S11 startup looking for 1st employee
User testing in the wild: he has never used a computer
Companies that make money by distributing misleading versions of VLC
Judge Denies Apple Request To Stop Amazon From Using "App Store"
Microsoft’s Android Shakedown
Unannounced Facebook feature uncovered
ITerm2 1.0 Released
Why the #AskObama tweet was garbled on screen
My Summer at an Indian Call Center
A Walk in the Woods with Mark Zuckerberg
XKCD's Randall Munroe on Google+ requiring your gender to be public
Oh Yes You Can Use Regexes to Parse HTML
Interesting C code
Live coverage of the last Shuttle launch (STS-135, Atlantis)
Courtney Love does the math (2000)
Create a Robot Image from any text string
Warren Buffett: I could end the deficit in 5 minutes.
How Running A Business Changes The Way You Think
RIAA Accounting: How To Sell 1 Million Albums And Still Owe $500,000
Treating Students as Gifted Yields Impressive Academic Results, Study Finds
Cobra effect
Google Singleton Detector
FuzzyWuzzy: Fuzzy String Matching in Python
EFF: forced disclosure of encryption password violates 5th Amendment
Python and the Principle of Least Astonishment
Why shuttle Atlantis will not be left attached to the ISS
30kloc and $0 revenue. Lessons from my failed startup (& code release)
Love startups but not a developer? We need entry level biz dev hustlers. 
Steve Jobs isn’t our Dad
Stanford's CS 101 course uses Javascript
Rule of Consulting: You can’t stop people from sticking beans up their nose
China: High GDP, 64 million empty apartments.
"Yes, but what are your credentials, Mr Stross?"
Three Little Circles
Go Rocks - How Can We Avoid Something This Bad In The Future?
What technologies are under your site
Console.fm - New social music site
The Node Beginner Book, an introduction to Node.js, is now complete
Google+'s Real Goal is Not to Kill Facebook, but to Force it to Open
Awesome Python and django related projects
So you want to write a fast Python?
Ex-Wave, Ex-Plus engineer on Google Plus
Noah Kagan and the Faceless Bitch slide
CSS Lint is harmful
Firefox 8 is 20% faster than Firefox 5, matches Chrome 14
GoDaddy SSL Cert Scam
DOJ: We can force you to decrypt that laptop
Anonymous hacks Booz Allen Hamilton, US military contractor, 90k logins dumped
Erlang creator on how to get started and learning to program
Own Your Identity
Edward Tufte's "Slopegraphs"
My experiences as a Recruiter on Hacker News 
The fanless spinning heatsink: more efficient, and immune to dust and detritus
Bored People Quit
Rapid DHCP: Or, how do Macs get on the network so fast?
Instantly Add Chat To Hacker News
Matz (creator of Ruby) joins Heroku
YC S11 Startup Solving the Biggest Challenges in Mobile Looking for 1st Employee
Dyslexie: A typeface for dyslexics
Floppy Disks: It’s Too Late
How not to design a CAPTCHA
Google+ can now hide your gender "in response to user feedback"
Why I left Google. What happened to my book. What I work on at Facebook. 
A lesson on the importance of encouraging your children with their projects
Man counterhacks paypal phisher, deletes data, warns other victims via phone
PuTTY 0.61 released
Nginx doesn't suck at SSL after all
Comcast cuts off customer for going over 250GB of legitimate use
VMWare Screw Customers
The Problem With Silicon Valley Is Itself
You Weren't Meant to Have a Boss
Lesser known cool features of HTML5
What G+ is really about (pst it's not social)
Spotify launches in the US
What Google's Famous Cafeterias Can Teach Us About Health
The Problem with the iPhone's Home Button
Introducing BrowserID: A better way to sign in
S2011 Startup ISO Code-MacGyver
How Stuxnet was deciphered
Design patterns explained in Javascript 
Github is Your New Resume
Poll: How much do you make as a programmer?
Old TechCrunch + really fast, clean, customizable layouts
Linus Torvalds proposes a change to the Git commit object format
Co-Founder Wanted - Mobile Commerce YC Startup with Paying Customers
Why we gave up web design after 10 successful years to move to products
Is There Anything Good About Men?
Code.Google.com now supports git
The Massive Mystery In Google's Finances 
Dealing with Timezones in Python 
Italy and the euro: On the edge
Founder Stories Volume 01: Slicehost
PHP to deprecate MySQL extension
How to Cure Deep Procrastination
IOS Integration Testing by Square
"Very bold or very dumb": data caps don't apply to ISP's own movie service
Google: The Beginning
The FBI Had No Warrant for the Raid on Instapaper, Pinboard, et al.
Brubeck: A new Python web framework running on mongrel2
The Growing Divide Between Silicon Valley And Unemployed America
Nginx JSON hacks
Skeleton: A Beautiful Boilerplate for Responsive, Mobile-Friendly Development
Why My Father Hated India
Estimate your English vocabulary size
Plan9 has been forked: 9front
Refuse to be terrorized (Bruce Schneier)
Bottle: Single-File Python Web Framework
Why I will never pursue cheating again
Why Quora is in trouble
Build your own operating system
Firebug lead developer now working on Web dev tools at Google
When free markets make it worse: new TLDs
Nginx established as a company
Tame.JS: Flow-control by the makers of OkCupid.com
9.2% Unemployment? Blame Microsoft.
Apple deals massive patent blow to HTC, Android in serious trouble
Netflix for baby clothes
Disqus (SF) is seeking an inhouse technical recruiter to expand product team
Use Google+ to Improve Your UI
You are not running out of time
LulzSec Redirects ‘The Sun’ Homepage To Fake Murdoch Death Story
Chain World: a game that exists on a unique USB flash drive
Life lessons learned in travelling the world for 8 years straight
Why doesn't every company buy developers the best hardware?
If Dropbox Used GitHub’s Pricing Plan
Google+ for iOS is out
Aaronsw indicted for hacking MIT network to download millions of JSTOR docs
ZeroCater seeking Foodie Paratroopers 
Show HN: I made a Web-based Todo App - used: CSS3 3D transforms, Node.js, love
Every programmer should read the source to abort() at some point in their life.
Remove any Site From Google (even if you don't control it)
Fake apple stores
OS X Lion Now Available in the US Mac App Store
John Siracusa's Mac OS X 10.7 Lion Review
Tilt: Visualize your web page's DOM in 3D
Xcode 4.1 now available free from the Mac App Store
WebPutty: CSS editing goes "boink"
Google Labs Winding Down
135TB for $7,384 - Backblaze Pod 2.0
Donut math - How donut.c works
Why I Hate Frameworks
ClojureScript
Learn JavaScript 
Anonymous & Lulz Security Statement to the FBI
How I Raised $350k as a Solo Founder using these 4 Email Templates
A pound of flesh: how Cisco's "unmitigated gall" derailed one man's life
33GB of public domain JSTOR articles, and a manifesto
Google Tried To Buy Color For $200 Million. Color Said No.
Thousands of scientific papers uploaded to The Pirate Bay
US debt visualized
Greece defaults
NYU Prof Vows Never to Probe Cheating Again—and Faces a Backlash
Linux 3.0 release
EBay Patents 10-Click Checkout
Chosen: A javascript plug-in that makes long select boxes user-friendly.
NASA's Successful Quantifying of Comedy Timing (By Penn Jillette and Teller)
The Brilliance of Dwarf Fortress
Google Deletes Last 7 Years Of User's Digital Life, Shrugs
Explosion in central Oslo
What everyone should know about the human eye
On Succeeding Steve Jobs
Android account passwords are stored on disk in plain text
Intellectual Ventures on This American Life
Apple MacBooks Can Be Hacked Through The Battery
The Little Manual of API Design
Our security auditor is an idiot. How do I give him the information he wants?
Sony's Captcha. View source to see why they don't "get" security
Infinite Mario in HTML5
What Happened to the Future?
The Acceleration of Addictiveness vs Willpower, Productivity, and Flow
NASA finds water reservoir equivalent to 140 trillion times the world's oceans
Emacs follow-mode
Google Plus Deleting Accounts En Masse: No Clear Answers
Radio Shack to start stocking Arduino, Other Goodies
NoSQL is What?
Octopress - A blogging framework for hackers
I’ve been suspended from Google+
Google Plus: Tagging automatically shares private photos
When operating "at web scale", users often simply don't have "real names"
Accidental Genius: How To Think
A note to Google recruiters (and on Google hiring practices)
A web designer with an attitude (he did his site while drunk)
Twice the height of the Empire State - massive solar tower for AZ
Who's your SSH buddy?
WebMynd is doubling revenue every 3 months, and the team every 6. Join us.
It Flies: Da Vinci's Dream Comes True
Aaron Swartz v. United States
Veteran developer Steve Lacey (Google, Microsoft) Killed in Auto Accident
Guido van Rossum: Before Python
50 Google +1s on sale at SEO shop for $9.99
Monroe or Einstein?  Instant eyesight check.
Poll: Do you use Google Reader on a daily basis?
Andy Rutledge Redesigns NYTimes.com
NYT Skimmer
Webdesigners: please make text readable
John Resig uses this
What happened to all the female developers?
Humble Bundle #3 is Live
When you're in a team that I lead, there are 3 things that I'd like to ask you
Ask Patrick McKenzie (patio11) anything
Understanding Linux CPU Load - when should you be worried?
Call Someone Who Cares
When Patents Attack
This is why your newspaper is dying
Violated: A traveler’s lost faith, a difficult lesson learned 
Steve Yegge quits Google in the middle of his speech [OSCON Data 2011]
Judge Finds Apple in Violation of HTC's Newly Acquired Patents
The Moment Of Truth For AirBnB As User’s Home Is Utterly Trashed
LulzSec's 'Topiary' arrested 
LevelDB: A Fast Persistent Key-Value Store
Hacker News Fires Steve Yegge 
On Safety: A Word From Airbnb
Page Speed Service
Could You Modify It ‘To Stop Students From Becoming This Advanced?’
Java 7 is now available
Spotify Sued For Patent Infringement Just Weeks After Entering US Market
The Supreme Court Should Invalidate Software Patents
Steve Jobs Sometimes Lies to You
Putting "Search" into Google yields a surprising result
The Secret Ingredient In Your Orange Juice
Auditor's response to "Our security auditor is an idiot" (Update 3)
Airbnb Victim Speaks Again: Homeless, Scared And Angry
Airbnb Nightmare: No End In Sight
Vandalised home puts pressure on Airbnb
Why my Mom Bought an Android, Returned It, and Got an iPhone
Poll: What should be done about the endless repetition of stories?
Airbnb Competitor Checks IDs: 'We Don't Want to Trade Security for Volume'
Product Designer needed as a Co-Founder - Fast-Growing mCommerce startup
Apple now holding more cash than USA
Simpson's paradox
Vim & Python: Making yourself at home
"SQLite is not designed to replace Oracle. It is designed to replace fopen()."
How to work with me - a no BS approach
Researchers Expose Cunning Online Tracking Service That Can’t Be Dodged
Modern Civil Disobedience - Tim DeChristopher
Free online version of Stanford's Fall 2011 Intro to AI course
How The Hell Is This My Fault?
The Batman Equation
Twitter: From Ruby on Rails to the JVM [video]
Plot thickens in Airbnb vacation rental horror story
Ask HN: Desperate Python Hacker Seeking Help and Suggestions
Why God Hates German Words
A Billion Dollars Isn’t Cool. You Know What’s Cool? Basic Human Decency
Flame from Bill Gates Re: Windows Usability
A game with a windfall for a knowing few
Understanding the Git Workflow
I am an HFT Programmer
Another Airbnb Victim Tells His Story: “There Were Meth Pipes Everywhere”
My Standing Desk Experiment
Show HN: Monster Coloring Book, my first App just launched. What do you think?
I Want To Unsubscribe, Not "Manage My Preferences"
I don't know how  to IE6
Getting Bin Laden: What happened that night in Abbottabad
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (August 2011)
An iOS Developer Takes on Android
The future Firefox UI
Freshplum has d64a84456adc959f56de6af685d0dadd 8d8a1b73876ca678cc3afa372e5199de
Our Commitment to Trust & Safety
Meet Comex, The 19-Year-Old iPhone Uber-Hacker Who Keeps Outsmarting Apple
Why I'd never work for Google, Twitter, or Facebook
Game of Thrones CGI
Games company claims their graphics are 100,000x better
My experience with a 'negative review' scammer.
ViTunes
Amazon App Store: Rotten To The Core
The Legislation That Could Kill Internet Privacy for Good 
The Mother of All Interview Questions
PyPy is faster than C, again: string formatting
9800 Feet Underground at Kidd Creek Mine in Northern Ontario, Canada
How I Made $350 In Two Days With Three Pages and Some Payment Code
How to remove yourself from all background check websites
Scalability
Update: Internet Explorer IQ story was bogus
Working Remotely
See what Google knows about you
Payments Company Seeking Front-End Engineer
That truck driver you flipped off? Let me tell you his story.
When patents attack Android
Why I Quit My Job to Start a Tech Company
Shock, awe: British government agrees that copyright has gone too far
SICP is Under Attack
Free icons for any object in the world
Who Rules America: An Investment Manager's View on the Top 1%
Why "Coupon Code" Should Not be a Field on Your Payment Form
Google Threw A Punch, Microsoft Fires Back With A Missile
$1 chip tests for HIV in 15 minutes, fits in your wallet
Zed Shaw: The wonderful Rob Sobers did a great job translating LPTHW to Ruby
Cloudant (YC S08) is looking for a Lead Front-End Engineer
Show HN: My weekend project - preview TV sizes on your wall
Groupon’s Strikeouts Reveal an Unspoken Truth
Parse (YC S11): A Heroku For Mobile Apps
Poll: Have you read SICP?
“Real Names” Policies Are an Abuse of Power
How to seem good at everything: Stop doing stupid shit
What's a Closure?
Hackers Can Kill Diabetics w/ Insulin Pumps? Facts vs. Fear Mongering
Hacker puts a video cam on an RC truck and saves the lives of 6 soldiers
Are you a Facebook employee?
Martin Fowler on Software Patents
Designing command-line interfaces
My Name Is Me - Supporting your freedom to choose the name you use online
Why Facebook and Google's Concept of "Real Names" Is Revolutionary
We’re not going to have a jobless recovery. We’re going to have a jobless future
Give 100 Percent?
United States loses AAA credit rating from S&P 
How and Why Mixpanel Switched from Erlang to Python
 A Brief Explanation of Microsoft's Anti-Google Patent FUD
Life on the Command Line
Scott Adams: The Heady Thrill of Having Nothing to Do
Interview Street (YC S11) streamlines the search for great programmers
DEF CON: The event that scares hackers
Mark Cuban: If you want to see more jobs created -- change patent laws
10 people who don't matter (2006)
Who stole the Mona Lisa?
Groupon is the next Madoff, except big iBanks helped it rob investors
Top Gear caught faking another electric car "failure"
Just the Facts: S&P's $2 Trillion Mistake
Jonathan's Card
Some People Understand REST and HTTP
The demise of the low level programmer
Lessons from a Design Legend (a before-and-after)
Anonymous hijacks Syria's government pages
Retiring a Great Interview Problem
The Definitive Guide To Website Authentication
Redesigning the browser window
Why GNU grep is fast
Kicksend (YC S11) Launches To Make Sharing Big Files A Breeze
YC S11 Company Seeks Front-End Hacker
Snapjoy (YC S11) Will Organize Your Photos For You
Mark Cuban:  What Business is Wall Street in?
Warn HN: Lots of Launches Coming
Large-scale Amazon EC2 Outage
Mozilla, WebKit To Support Debugging CoffeeScript and other JS Languages
Fastest-growing YC S11 startup (3M monthly uniques) looking for 1st employee
Fastest-growing YC S11 startup (3M monthly uniques) looking for 1st employee
NASA finds DNA components in meteorites, says they originated in space
How to Level Up as a Developer
5000% Increase in the sale of baseball bats on Amazon.co.uk
Gamification is bullshit
Accuracy takes power: one man's 3GHz quest to build a perfect SNES emulator
Why are restaurant websites so awful? Because of restaurant culture.
Jonathan's Card revealed as viral marketing campaign
535 ways to reload the page with JavaScript
The Amazon Kindle Cloud Reader is live
Captchas To Keep Idiots Out Of Comment Threads
Detroit in Ruins
Winter is coming
HTML5 Boilerplate v2.0 released
DEF CON 19 - hackers get hacked 
The Price of (Dev) Happiness: Part One
I Like PHP
Death to the 'noreply' mailbox
Google Admits Handing over European User Data to US Intelligence Agencies
Xkcd Password Generator
Can we believe our eyes? Misleading people with Unicode.
New leukemia treatment "exceeded our wildest expectations"
2011 Startup School
Google releases Games for Google+
Facebook Wins “Worst API” in Developer Survey
Rbenv, an unobtrusive rvm replacement
Ask HN: Help, I think Amazon is stealing my ebook
How to put your logo in a QR code
AeroFS - File Sync Without Servers
Summer 2011 YC company seeks CoffeeScript drinking frontend engineer
Use Jonathan's card to buy yourself an iPad
Why you don't steal from a hacker.
YC S11 Company seeks Rails Architect
For the love of God, YC companies-to-be stop posting ambiguous job description
The Shapes of CSS
Algorithms to enhance or transform images
Welcome to the Cloud - "Your Apple ID has been disabled."
PicPlum (YC S11): Beautiful Prints, Automatically Mailed for You
MobileWorks (YC S11) is a Hands-Off Mechanical Turk
Leaked AT&T Letter Demolishes Case For T-Mobile Merger
YC-backed digital publisher looking for an early backend engineer
C++ 11 Approved
[Jobs] Interviewstreet (YC S11) looking for marketing geeks
Command line tools for web developers
Silence: Because I talked so rarely, people took the time to listen to me
The Sad Reality of Post-Mature Optimization
Hyperpolyglot: PHP, Perl, Python, Ruby
Requests: HTTP for Humans
Ask HN: How can I do something meaningful?
2005 Zuckerberg Didn't Want To Take On The World
The quick website launch checklist
Perlis Languages
WebGL Water Simulation
Head of Marketing (Employee #1) @ YC Startup
False confessions
Issac Asimov: What Is Intelligence, Anyway?
A writer leaves Microsoft Word
Warren Buffett: Stop coddling the super rich
Dear procrastinator
Google Buys Motorola For $12.5 Billion
Google to acquire Motorola
Things I’ve never heard a successful startup founder say
Joyent Open Sources SmartOS: Zones, ZFS, DTrace and KVM
Edit like an Ace
YC NYC, September 26
You can list a directory containing 8 million files But not with ls.. 
Mixpanel: We're hiring and here's where we're at.
Stanford Fall 2011 - Introduction to Databases
Stanford Fall 2011 - Machine Learning
SpaceX to fly to International Space Station in November
Stay away from This* (thiswebhost.com)
Stanford Offers 13 classes, including AI, for free
SSH productivity tips
Developer open-sources 200+ hr project after client refuses to pay
58,000 Sign Up for Stanford AI Course
$80 Android Phone Sells Like Hotcakes in Kenya, the World Next?
The Arduino Solution to Selectively Mute Over-Exposed Celebrities
Fast-growing YC S11 startup (3M monthly uniques) looking for 1st employee
Wolfenstein 1D
The 50 Best Websites of 2011
How Browsers Work
How DuckDuckGo got in Time's best websites
Hey, Bethesda Let’s settle this
Payments Company Seeking Front-End Engineer
I'm a phony. Are you?
Federal Circuit case renders many broadly written software patents invalid
How GitHub Works: Be Asynchronous
Who Does Facebook Think You Are Searching For?
A Stick Figure Guide to the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
The Greatest Customer Service Story Ever Told, Starring Morton’s Steakhouse
Updated US immigration rules: H1-B can work for own company
Spin.js, a pure JS spinner
It’s Official: HP Kills Off webOS Phones and the TouchPad
Show HN: Codecademy.com, the easiest way to learn to code
Show HN: a free multi-user whiteboard with unlimited, zoomable surface
Dead Man's Switch
"Any time you have worked long hours, it is a sign of a broken process."
PyPy 1.6 Released - Full Python 2.7.1 Implementation
Google Reexam Requests Devastating to Lodsys
Please confirm your email address
13-Year-Old Makes Solar Power Breakthrough by Harnessing the Fibonacci Sequence
The Secret of the Fibonacci Sequence in Trees
Twitter Bootstrap
(YC S11) Senior Rails developer needed with a whole lot of polyglot in them
How To Become A Better Programmer By Not Programming
IE9 deletes stuff
The Architecture of Open Source Applications
Apple phasing out developer access to the UDID in iOS 5
90 Percent of People Don't Know How to Use CTRL+F (or CMD + F)
Marc Andreessen on Why Software is Eating the World
Women are rejecting marriage in Asia. The social implications are serious.
Notch's Livestream for Ludum Dare 21
If PHP Were British
Solar-panel "trees" really are inferior
Nym Wars (Google+ "real name" rules)
Functional Programming Is Hard, That's Why It's Good
Why Amazon Can't Make A Kindle In the USA
What is in your .vimrc
I am nothing
Notch is coding live again
HN now comes with HTTPS?
Why Arabic is Terrific
Is That Review a Fake? 
A Simple Explanation for Why HP Abandoned Palm
List of vim plugins I use - with mini tutorials
GroupMe acquired by Skype
Do all first links on Wikipedia lead to philosophy?
Notch's 48-hour game: Prelude of the Chambered
Ask HN: What is your preferred Python stack for high traffic webservices?
Your problem with Vim is that you don't grok vi
Your Code is My Hell
This is CoffeeScript
Mixpanel: We're hiring and here's where we're at.
Vidyard (YC S11) Is A YouTube For Businesses
Why every programmer should have a Tiddlywiki
Best algorithms book I ever read
Goodbye, shitty "Car extends Vehicle" object-orientation tutorial
Codecademy Surges To 200,000 Users, 2.1 Million Lessons Completed In 72 Hours
Announcing Amazon ElastiCache - Managed Memcached
A letter from _why
How to get $12 billion of gold to Venezuela
Introducing WebAPI
Deck.js: A JavaScript library for building modern HTML presentations. 
Samsung cites Kubrick's "2001" as Prior Art in Patent Case Against Apple
China airs documentary proving military university is hacking U.S. targets
Google Fiber: 151Mbps down / 92Mbps up
How Karma Should Be Measured
Russia plans $65bn tunnel to America
If Software Is Eating The World, Why Don't Coders Get Any Respect?
Mac OS X Lion accepts any password when authenticating via LDAP
When Not To Quit: Man Revived After 96 Minutes
Facebook Partners with Stack Overflow
Steve Jobs Resigns as CEO of Apple
Steve Jobs Resigns as Apple CEO (Official Letter)
Peter Norvig on a 45-year-old article about a checkers-playing program
Papers Every Programmer Should Read (At Least Twice)
What does 0^0 equal? Why do mathematicians and high school teachers disagree?
Steve Jobs' Best Quotes
Resigned
Why Iceland Should Be in the News, But Is Not
Icon Ambulance
Rob "CmdrTaco" Malda Resigns From Slashdot
If I Launched a Startup - Cheat Sheet
To my fellow Hacker News contributors
Happy 20th birthday, Linux
Verbling: The instant way to practice and learn a language
Dev-Team to Steve Jobs
Heroku for Java
A Short Rant About Hosting 
Want to Write a Compiler? Just Read These Two Papers.
What does $1265 of bugs look like?
How we found the file that was used to Hack RSA
New gaming laptop with innovative UI by Razer
Walking on a cube-shaped planet
Why Clojure doesn't need invokedynamic
Backbone.js Screencast - Introduction and Views
Online course: Build your own simulated computer, assembler, lang, OS, & game
Reddit Traffic has Exploded in 12 Months
iPhone vs Android app sales: numbers from an indie developer
What is the exact difference between a terminal, a shell, a tty and a console?
15 uncoupled simple pendulums of increasing lengths dance together
Pentium-III autopsy
Experiments Show Gravity Is Not an Emergent Phenomenon
History made in India: Govt agrees to anti-corruption bill
Rational Home Buying
How Apple Works
AT&T Now Charging You an Extra $2/Month For Not Using Enough Long Distance
Why you should learn just a little Awk - A Tutorial by Example
Show HN: We made a spam-free lyric search engine
Why I do not want to work at Google
Keymaster.js: painless keyboard shortcuts for javascript
Show HN: Like Button for Hacker News
Hacker News Like Button
Engineering role open at E la Carte (restaurant tablets, YC S10)
Think Stats: Probability and Statistics for Programmers
H-P's One-Year Plan
The "overlearning the game" problem
Misadventures in VC Funding: The $24 Million Moz Almost Raised
Learn Vim Progressively
Mixpanel: We're hiring and here's where we're at.
Applications Open for Winter 2012 YC Funding
Microsoft UI has officially entered the realm of self-parody
Gmail.com being MITM'd by Iran using this certificate
Mari0 - Super Mario Bros. + Portal
Improvements in Windows Explorer - Building Windows 8
Play on Heroku
Why no Steam, Notch?
How did academic publishers acquire these feudal powers? 
Japanese breakthrough will make wind power cheaper than nuclear
Official enrollment for Stanford's online AI class has begun
VimConf
Why must you laugh at my back end?
Early Photos of Y Combinator
ZeroCater is looking for people to talk to restaurants.
87% of the U.S. Population are uniquely identified by {DOB, gender, zip}
I just got meta-copied
Rails 3.1 Gem Available
How Steve Jobs handles trolls (WWDC 1997)
9 million hits/day with 120 megs RAM
US Government seeks to block AT&T & T-Mobile's $39 Billion Merger
The Million Dollar Question
GitHub Flow
inPulse (YCW11/Mountain View/Hardware-ish) seeks 1st full-time Android Dev
The Patent Pledge
Now that people are considering NOSQL will more people consider no-DB
My Neighbor, Steve Jobs
Google App Engine leaves preview, new pricing
You can't google 9999999..99999999999999999999999
Iran forged the wrong SSL certificate
First employee of startup? You are probably getting screwed
Why Developers Never Use State Machines
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (September 2011)
Tilemill: Maps done right
ZeroCater is looking for people to talk to restaurants.
How I name my apps
Release day economics
Linode Reduces Transfer Pricing (Incoming Data is now Free)
Netflix to lose Starz, its most valuable source of new movies
Michael Arrington Resigns From Techcrunch
Highly Successful Bootstrapped Startups
How to Write Good iOS Apps
Google Correlate by Drawing 
Google App Engine Pricing Angers Developers, Kills PlusFeed
Amazon’s Kindle Tablet Is Very Real. I’ve Seen It, Played With It.
Arthur C. Clarke Predicts the Future in 1964 … And Kind of Nails It
The conversation that led to Ruby being called Ruby
Automate download, install, config of IE-only VM's with VirtualBox (Linux/OSX)
A fall spring-cleaning - Google products getting shut down
The $100K Taxi Ride, One Year Later
DigiNotar root CA trust removal follow-up
A new locker system from Amazon sends your deliveries to 7-Eleven
Make things
Facebook doesn't like privacy countermeasures
Ask HN: I think My code isn't Good enough
The Sugary Secret of Self-Control
Asking for accessibility gets you nothing but grief.
NSA built a NoSQL database
If TV Companies Released Authorized Torrents With Ads, Would You Download Them?
Linus Torvalds now on GitHub
Ask HN: How much did you earn as an employee from an exit?
My job is to watch dreams die
How to self-educate if you lack a formal design education
Lone Yelp review dogs business owner
DigiNotar Damage Disclosure (with full list of issued certs)
Akamai thrives in the spirit of its lost founder
Sane RSS usage
Teal and Orange in Hollywood movies
Linux is now hosted on GitHub
Game theory article from a professional Starcraft player/caster.
I bought a webOS device and went to Taiwan. This is what I learned.
Google Gravity
Vim is hard, I just want to click around
Giving away my Rails 3.0 book. Code examples also available on Github.
We open-sourced 90 node.js modules at Browserling
One base class to rule them all.
Ultrabook: Intel's $300 million plan to beat Apple at its own game
Seriously, stop with the booth babes
GoDaddy's New "Selective DNS Blackouts" Policy
Don't dumb girls down
TechCrunch As We Know It May Be Over
"I've got an idea for an app"
Writing Vim Plugins
Reddit becomes reddit Inc.
ZeroCater is looking for people to talk to restaurants.
Michael Arrington: Editorial Independence
Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Interim CEO
Miguel de Icaza: Learning Unix
Mixpanel: We're hiring and here's where we're at.
Krugman on BitCoin
Startups should not use GoDaddy. Ever
Are jobs obsolete?
Git Is Simpler Than You Think
If this then that
Summer 2011 YC company seeks CoffeeScript drinking engineer (Chicago)
Shuush
Realistic Skin Rendering in WebGL
PHP will switch to git
Obituary for Michael Stern Hart, Project Gutenberg Founder
Envolve looking for Designer / Frontend Engineer to build real-time interfaces
Ask HN: How do you promote your web apps?
The Tricks Investors Use Against Founders
Google buys Zagat
Google to announce "new programming language for structured web programming" 
ZeroCater is looking for people to talk to restaurants.
The $700 Million Yogurt Startup
~/.osx — a collection of sensible defaults for OS X Lion
Notifo (YC W10) Will be Shutting Down
Fouling Out and Moving On (re: Notifo Shutdown)
MobileWorks (YC S11) is Hiring (San Francisco/Berkeley) 
Show HN: Smozzy (for Android/T-Mobile) - browse the web without a data plan
Vim Cheat Sheet - For Programmers By Programmers
PageLever is hiring Ruby developers
The Best Science Fiction Books (According to Reddit)
Technical Papers Every Programmer Should Read (At Least Twice)
Google's expert report in Oracle case explains complexities in plain English
Our Vacation Policy: Take Some
Java's Comb-Over
Bootstrapping a $30k profit/month company from our internship earnings (Part 3)
Bootstrapping a Software Product
Share of Income Gains by Quintile - Great Depression til Now
More information on Google's new web language, Dash
The New Apple Advantage
Why the film industry needs disrupting
Ask PG: What has changed since you wrote Hackers and Painters in 2004?
Îñţérñåţîöñåļîžåţîöñ
Java Vs. JavaScript
Reddit user explains aging vs cancer
Deft -- easy note taking for Emacs
The Drupal Crisis
Bash Shortcuts For Maximum Productivity
Why all HDMI cables are the same
Ask HN: I am wasting so much of time, what can I do?
Eliezer Yudkowsky: Is That Your True Rejection?
Introducing a new data structure, streams, in Javascript
The Costs of Bookmarking
Fucking Sue Me
Git Tips
LucasFilm Tells Darth Vader that Return of the Jedi Hasn’t Made a Profit
One-electron universe
Obama's job aid plan - $10,000 to $13,000 in assistance for entrepreneurship
PostgreSQL 9.1 released
Rule #1 for beta invites: remind me what you do
The Long Grind Before You Become an Overnight Success
MongoDB 2.0 Released
Kendo UI - a framework for modern HTML UI
New Boston Globe website design
Five Stars (YC W11) has really challenging technology problems.
Tech recruitment: how not to do it
Programmers' Day
Show HN: Final Touch
File Hosting Service Hotfile Sues Warner Bros. For Copyright Fraud and Abuse
Aisle50 (YC S11) is hiring in Chicago
Show HN: PickHealthInsurance.com
Google Flight Search
Please don't use pie charts
Surprises from numerical linear algebra (2010)
How prostitution and alcohol make Uber better
Joel Spolsky Launches Trello - Organize Anything Together
I have Crohn's, an incurable digestive disease, and built Crohnology
Cornell Ergonomics Web finds standing desks present their own issues
Watch other people code
IOS Boilerplate: A base template for iOS apps
Mixpanel: We're hiring and here's where we're at.
AeroFS is Hiring Smart Engineers
David Kadavy's "Design for Hackers" now on Amazon
JavaScript is Not Web Assembly
Metro
TinyProj connects developers, designers, etc. with paid, short-term projects.
Microsoft has Abandoned Silverlight and All Other Plugins
37signals.com - Evolution of a homepage
From $0-100million with no sales people. Atlassian's commandments for startups.
Remembering a relationship, one chat at a time
Facebook and Heroku
MobileWorks (YCS11) is Hiring (San Francisco/Berkeley)  
Show HN: Hacker News Mobile - A fast and readable mobile HN website
Break Google
Love startups but not a developer? We need biz dev hustlers!
SingleHop Are Cheats
What's wrong with this code, really?
Sony to ban gamers from PSN unless they waive right sue over security breaches.
Be Careful when Speaking to Federal Agents - 18 U.S.C. Section 1001
PageLever is hiring Ruby developers 
Opening *.txt file is dangerous on Windows
Love startups but not a developer? We need tenacious biz dev individuals!
Show HN: Fluid iPad App Concept 
Will It Optimize?
Modern GPU: a collection of well-written GPGPU programming tutorials
Academic papers are hidden from the public. Here's some direct action.
Arch Linux – "It is what you make it"
Home-made bombs are being sent to physicists in Mexico
James Gosling witnesses and blogs Reno airshow crash.
ORM is an anti-pattern
My Family’s Experiment in Extreme Schooling
The Document Which Was Formerly Called The MIT Guide to Lockpicking
Show HN: We measure classroom confusion
The Joy of Indexing
Firefox Now Scores 100% on Acid3 Test
Bada Bing, Bada Boom: Culture inside Bing
Show HN: Pulse — A simple pulsating indicator.
HTML5 Map of the the World Migrations using SVG, Raphael.js and offline storage
Why two men committing the same crime get different chances at a parole
PG's Rarely Asked Questions
Pirate Party Germany gets into the parlament for the state of Berlin
Cracking OSX Lion passwords
Show HN: Kerning.js — Take control of your web typography
SSH Tricks
Netflix Splits DVD And Streaming Businesses
Greedy Register Allocation in LLVM 3.0
Mining of Massive Datasets 
Don't make my eyes bleed: a rant about business plans by Neil Davidson
A resume template in TeX
Bootstrapping a $30k profit/month company from our internship earnings (Part 4)
Twitter's Storm (complex event processing system) is now open source
Five Stars (YC W11) has really challenging technology problems.
Urban Airship: Postgres to NoSQL and back
SSL broken.    (TLS 1.0 cryptographic attack that works.  Not just fake certs.)
Tim O'Reilly on OccupyWallStreet
Why 80 Percent of Web Projects Are Total Bullshit: A Freelancer’s Rant
Help, I’m on the IRS hit list
OnStar Begins Spying On Customers’ GPS Location For Profit
Google+ Opens to All
Quake 2 Source Code Review
What Netflix Could Have Said This Week
Like working at massive scale? Flotype (W11) is hiring scalability experts
Running a startup on Haskell
Wikileaks Takes Down the Head of Al Jazeera
Parse (S11) is hiring engineers.
Windows 8 OEM specs may block Linux booting
Why do Windows functions all begin with a pointless MOV EDI, EDI instruction?
Betty Weissman (mother of edw519) 1930-2011
Very cool, but very creepy, open source project
A First Look at BankSimple
Comprehend Systems (YC W11) hiring frontend and backend engineers
Love startups but not a developer? We need tenacious biz dev individuals!
Yahoo blocked emails about Wall Street protest
GitHub Hits 1,000,000 users
Guys buy island on Craigslist, use Kickstarter to turn it into artist community
How Github uses Github to build Github
Bring a stick man to life.
Art of writing unmaintainable code.
How can C Programs be so Reliable?
Excited about new developments at f8? We need Ruby developers at PageLever
Facebook Timeline
Speed-of-light experiments yield baffling result at LHC
Samurai: New Payment Gateway from FeeFighters
Tricky Programming Concepts Aren’t
Supercoders needed to take down cybercriminals. Join us (YC S11)
One Million Concurrent TCP connections
Petition: Direct the Patent Office to Cease Issuing Software Patents
SPDY: What I Like About You
Ask HN: Small product, single founder success stories? 
I was once a Facebook fool
CERN press release regarding neutrino experiment
AeroFS is hiring! 
Payment processing for Django
Lovelace's Leap
The Facebook Timeline is creepy as hell
Direct the Patent Office to Cease Issuing Software Patents
This is what happens when one guy practices art every day for nine years
Groupon Restates Revenue, Revenue Fell In Half, COO Exits
37signals sent me a gift for pwning their leaderboard
Why you should not go to medical school
White House Petition to End Software Patents Is a Hit
Dave Winer on Why You Should Log Out of Facebook
OpenBSD imports nginx into tree as future apache replacement
All of life has been utterly, profoundly changed thanks to Facebook...
Feynman On The Importance Of Playing
Chrome Privacy
SICP optimized for Kindle
Your idea sucks now go do it anyway
 Facebook Disconnect
Logging out of Facbook is not enough
Why Facebook's 'Frictionless Sharing' violates HTTP
How to Force Facebook into Handing-Over their Secret Tracking Data
How Quake (the videogame) changed my life forever.
Stanford's online Machine Learning class now open for enrollment
What I learned on a round-the-world yacht race
Size is the best predictor of code quality
Textmate 2 - Alpha this year
One of the Best Bits of Programming Advice I ever Got
It’s the end of the web as we know it
Spotify now requires a Facebook account to sign up.
Neutrinos Faster Than Light, or FPGA artifacts?
How to Rock an Algorithms Interview
When the rules prevented Kenneth Cole from launching, he broke the rules
Show HN: Write a sort, watch it go
Zynga's Profits Down by 95%
Well-funded YC startup looking for seasoned devs. Great pay + perks + happiness
A better introduction to Objective-C
"How much does a website cost?" – a survey of web designers
Google Drive: Is the Dropbox Party Over?
Trader: I dream of another recession (and Goldman Sachs rules the world)
SlideShare ditches Flash for HTML5
Browser Market Pollution: IE[x] is the new IE6
Apple Announces Event on October 4th: Let's Talk iPhone
OpenVim: Learn Vim in Your Browser
I want to pay for TextMate 2
Show HN: HackerThings - Products for hackers
Princeton bans academics from handing copyright to journal publishers
Hey Google, I want my cache links back
How Porsche hacked the financial system and made a killing (2009)
Amazon Unveils $199 Kindle Fire Tablet
Introducing Amazon Silk
Python and Django on Heroku
You’re Pricing It Wrong: Software Pricing Demystified
Carnegie Mellon face recognition study has unsettling results
Chris Espinosa: Fire
IEEE Refuses to Accept Public-Domain Papers?
Fixing the callback spaghetti in node.js
Academics should stop doing free peer-review for non-open-access journals.
Pre-branded domain names for startups
Minimum Viable Personality
Promising HIV vaccine passes phase one human trials with 90% success rate
Stripe: instant payment processing for developers
Web Designers should all be using this idea by now: Font Icons.
Try Ruby
Scaling GitHub's Employees
"Algorithm" is not a four letter word
Mixpanel: We're hiring and here's where we're at.
“I hate almost all software” — Ryan Dahl
Try Python, Ruby, Lua, Scheme, QBasic, Forth ...
Write your app in HTML5, upload it and get back app-store ready apps
Build groundbreaking technology at MemSQL (YC W11)
Parse (S11) is hiring engineers.
Amazon in talks with HP to buy Palm
Client asks for 100% uptime 
The Slashdot Effect from the Other Side
MIT’s ‘Artificial leaf’ makes fuel from sunlight
Sharding and IDs at Instagram
Neal Stephenson: Innovation Starvation
Mozilla's secure coding guidelines for web developers
How the FRA is Regulating Passenger Rail Out of Existence
Distrusting git
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (October 2011)
Find apartments by commute times
VC Decries Airbnb’s Recent Funding for Founder Control and Cashout
Increasing Your Luck Surface Area and Yes, the Big Dogs Read Hacker News
The Little Book on CoffeeScript
Massive data stealing vulnerability found in many HTC Android phones
Markdown Editor for web developers, on Mac OS X
Facebook claims it does not track users, but files patent to do same
Meet the New Super People
Seven Minutes in Ubuntu: A Mac user's first impressions
Algorithmic symphonies from one line of code
I own a domain that a big corporation wants to sue me into acquiring. Help
Homemade GPS Receiver
Is Haskell the Cure?
An open letter to Stripe: please come to Europe
Politician Violates His Own Two-Strikes Anti-Piracy Plan
Ryan Bates launches RailsCasts Pro
Bitbucket now rocks Git
Adobe acquires Typekit
Node-fib: Fast non-blocking fibonacci server
FeeFighters Loses BBB Accreditation Over Investigative Blog Post
When "clever" goes wrong: how Etsy overcame poor architectural choices
How to get into Y Combinator
Patent Troll: Anyone Using WiFi Infringes; Won't Sue Individuals 'At This Stage'
The State of the Art is Terrible
I Think Your App Should Be Free
Flash Game Simulates Living on $9/hr.
Kindle Fire pre-orders exceeding 2,000 per hour
Node.js has jumped the shark
Isaac Asimov on Security Theatre.
Wikipedia shuts down Italian site because of Berlusconi's "Wiretapping Act"
Apple's 1987 Knowledge Navigator, Only One Month Late
Google’s Management Doesn’t Use Google+
Ask HN: Anyone know where Mark Pilgrim went?
Searching for Mark Pilgrim
The end of cow clicker
Rob Pike comments on Ryan Dahl's rant
Impressive html5/css3 clock; no Flash.
Why Startup Hubs Work
Steve Jobs has died
Steve Jobs has passed away.
Tim Cook: "No words can adequately express our sadness at Steve's death"
Bill Gates on Steve Jobs
Larry Page on Steve Jobs
Sergey Brin on Steve Jobs
President Obama on Steve Jobs: "He Changed the Way Each of Us Sees the World"
The Steve Jobs I Knew
Apple RIP Logo design
0day vulnerability full disclosure: American Express
Daring Fireball: Universe Dented, Grass Underfoot
Wozniak remembers Steve Jobs
Stephen Wolfram on Steve Jobs: A Few Memories
Time-zone database used by Unix shut down due to IP litigation
In Praise of Bad Steve
3.5 Inches
Hacker News Front Page Snapshot from Last Night
16 pixels For Body Copy. Anything Less Is A Costly Mistake
Photojojo, Jelly founder needs bone marrow match to save his life
Tell HN: I just open-sourced the e-mail client I spent 2 years of my life on
Computer virus hits US Predator and Reaper drone fleet
Colbert tribute to Steve Jobs
Programming languages worth checking out
Breaking a MacBook in memory of Steve Jobs
Why Education Companies Do Not Succeed
Show HN: KernType, a typography game made with Raphaël
Time to fork the FSF
The Man Who Inspired Jobs
Chrome Remote Desktop extension by Google
Redditor burnt by Paypal's "Rolling Reserve" feature
"He offered the Apple II to Atari... we said no. No thank you."
German Chaos Computer Club analyzes and releases government malware
Show HN: My network connection monitor for Mac
Vimroom
PyPy's future directions
Nobody Cares
HP plans to release first memristor, alternative to flash and SSDs in 18 months
Hiding your data in plain sight: USB hardware hiding
Overtone
Guy Kawasaki: What I learned from Steve Jobs
Plink, a multiplayer HTML5 music game
Businessweek Magazine's Classy Tribute to Steve Jobs
 Possible Governmental Backdoor Found ("case R2D2")
Your number one priority
Subtle Patterns: Free textures for your next web project
What does "it's a good start" really mean.
Dart language
Deep C
Netflix kills Qwikster
Panic of the Plutocrats
Python Requests: HTTP for Humans
Letter from a psychopath
NYTimes Sues US For Refusing To Reveal Secret Interpretation Of Patriot Act
Paul Graham: The Art of Funding a Startup 
Dalai Lama hangs out on Google+ after visa is denied
Jewish problems
Steve Jobs, BMW & eBay
"Hello World" in Dart, compiled to JavaScript
Photoshop 'unblur' leaves MAX audience gasping for air
Steve Jobs, LSD and Drug Freedom
Why Dart is not the language of the future.
Up and Down the Ladder of Abstraction
Nginx, Inc. announces its Series A funding
How to speed up the Android Emulator by up to 400%
How My Popular Site was Banned by Google
Why your new programming language won't work
Show HN: my 4-y-o son drew a video game. He drew then we hacked together.
Steve Jobs Book Excerpt: Why he wore the black mock turtleneck uniform
Google Wave and the mythical man month
Steve's Google Platform rant
I quit my job last March and it was a bad idea.
Show HN: Who's Hiring? (postings mined from Twitter)
Rob Pike: Dennis Ritchie has died
Dennis Ritchie
The last time I saw Steve Jobs
RIP, dmr
RIP, Dennis Ritchie, Father of Unix and C
Anti-foreword to the Unix haters handbook by dmr
Ubuntu 11.10 Released (Online Tour)
Bjarne Stroustrup on Dennis Ritchie: They said it couldn't be done, & he did it
Lights
IOS 5's "Cleaning" Behavior 
Forced Exercise's Effects on the Brain
Ubuntu 11.10 (Oneiric Ocelot) released
USV invests in Duck Duck Go
Dear Mozilla: Fix Your Damn Browser
250x Speed Improvements with Microcaching (and No New Code)
Dennis Ritchie: The Shoulders Steve Jobs Stood On
TopCoder: Algorithm Tutorials
It takes three years to build a business
Faster-Than-Light Neutrino Puzzle Claimed Solved by Special Relativity
Google Killing Off Buzz and Code Search
Metroid Source Code Expanded
How to Draw a Circle
BioCurious, a hackerspace for bio now open to public
How I live on $7,000 per year
Google Labs no more
Dear John Carmack.
Who killed videogames?
Amazon kindle source code
Serving at the Pleasure of the King
Government Was Very Involved Helping RIAA/MPAA Negotiate Six Strikes
GitLab - an open source clone of GitHub
A Programmer’s Greatest Enemy
Why Can't We Drink Sea Water?
Show HN: Learn iPhone and iPad development in less than an hour
Poor Man's Scalability
Dizzying but invisible depth
Tired of Being Tired
Why Finland’s schools are great (by doing what we don’t).
There is only one Cloud Icon in the Entire Universe
How I retired in 9 years on a corporate programmer salary
Show HN: The users behind Hacker News
Ubuntu and GNOME jump the shark
Prince of Persia for Commodore 64/128 released
Amazon Signs Up Authors, Writing Publishers Out of Deal
Mobile UI Patterns
OpenClassroom: Free video courses from Stanford University
Inserting Artificial Objects into Photographs
Ask HN: Screwed out of $12.8 million. Being Extorted.  No Money for attorneys.
Ask HN: What programming blogs do you read daily?
Introducing Instapaper 4.0 for iPad and iPhone
Bitcoin value falls from above $33 to below $3
Why Not Haskell?
Hacked
4chan's Chris Poole: Facebook & Google Are Doing It Wrong
Video: Quantum Levitation
FSF: Campaign against windows 8 "secure boot"
TakeThisLollipop - really clever/creepy use of the Facebook API
Dropbox: The Inside Story Of Tech's Hottest Startup
So you think you know C: the Ksplice Pointer Challenge
24 year old student lights match: Europe versus Facebook
Dropbox Said No To “Nine-Digit” Acquisition Offer From Steve Jobs
No TV for children under 2, urge doctors
Google to default to SSL version for logged in users
Python For The Web
How 1 HN post compelled me to leave Intuit and create a new startup for startups
RubyMonk - ruby lessons right in your browser
Programming Language Development: The Past 5 Years
We now have an effective vaccine for Malaria
Google AI Challenge 2011
Signs that you are a bad programmer
Supreme Court of Canada: No Liability for Linking
Lytro cameras are ready for preorder.
Startup Ideas We'd Be Willing To Pay For
Jwz: Google's pseudonym support "obvious bullshit"
TechStars, Lies & Videotape
DuckDuckGo included in Opera
New HTTP Codes
List.js
Rich Hickey: "Simple Made Easy" from Strange Loop 2011 [video]
2D Game Art for Programmers
The coffeeshop fallacy
Animate.css - a bunch of plug-and-play CSS animations
Starting is easy. Finishing is hard. Finish something at Finish Weekend.
What If We Paid Off The Debt? The Secret Government Report
Walking man animation using only CSS3
Steve Yegge: Follow Up to His Accidentally Public Rant
Steve Jobs left designer Jony Ive more power than anyone at Apple
Tangle is a JavaScript library for creating reactive documents.
The + operator has been replaced.
The Dropbox API
If you can't remember why onions are in there, take 'em out.
Who You Are
How the R-project is taking over statistical analysis software
Massive 15-year Study finds no link between cell phones, cancer
Stanford Computer Science '10-'11 Salary Survey Results
GitHub Secrets
SICP in Python
printf("goodbye, Dennis");
The Setup: Zed Shaw
"Anonymous" Hackers Take Down Child Porn Websites, Leak Users' Names
An analysis of Steve Jobs tribute messages displayed by Apple
How Russian Tycoon Yuri Milner Bought His Way Into Silicon Valley
Code Like a Pythonista: Idiomatic Python
Canadian researcher traces AIDS to single bush hunter from 1921
Will Dropouts Save America?
The Food Bubble (2010)
It’s Not China; It’s Efficiency That Is Killing Our Jobs
Facebook privacy fuckup reveals who has your number in their phone
Lamer News
Poll: How much do you make as a programmer?
The Volkswagen Group is using IE6 as standard for displaying web pages
How to hire an idiot 
Ixoth
Give this company a child's drawing and they'll make it into a stuffed toy
Jeff Atwood On Parenthood
Amit Gupta needs you
Economics in One Lesson
What I learned from raising venture capital
Using an LCD’s poor viewing angle to your advantage
John McCarthy Has Died
Netflix loses 800,000 subscribers (stock drops 28%)
The Roots of Lisp
John McCarthy: The Robot and the Baby
Jonathan Ive on Steve Jobs and the fragility of ideas 
Nest - The Learning Thermostat
Dropping out is probably not for you
It’s the founding CEO’s job to personally email the first 1000 users
Siri meets Eliza
Show HN: A storebuilder contained in a single text area
GitHub open sources Hubot (chat bot)
What it's like to skydive through a thunderstorm
Recruiters are, by and large, a waste of your time
Valve: Piracy Is More About Convenience Than Price 
Lead Bullets
A little game to demonstrate timing attacks.
How I've Made 200,000$ in the iOS Education Market - Figures
Google Street View now includes interiors
Richard Stallman’s rider
Famous Logos Designed Entirely in CSS
Protect IP Renamed E-Parasites Act; Would Create The Great Firewall Of America
Two amusing side channel attacks
The 99 percent
Codify: native coding environment for iPad
Disastrous IP Legislation Is Back – And It’s Worse than Ever
Starcraft 2 Automated Player
Android Orphans: Visualizing a Sad History of Support
Female FOSS dev quits tech industry due to harassment
Rent a Mac in the cloud for development
Richard Stallman on Steve Jobs: correction
Why We Moved Off The Cloud
Google+ is now available with Google Apps
RSS Rant
Apple Lossless Audio Codec is now open source (Apache license)
Google Denies Requests To Remove Videos of Police Brutality
Hacker News Needs Honeypots
On Stack Overflow's recent battles with the .NET Garbage Collector
My dad taught me cashflow with a soda machine
Mass-scale Cold Fusion either becomes reality or proved a scam today
Why I take sketch breaks instead of surfing the internet
Why Is This Cargo Container Emitting So Much Radiation?
How I Quickly Test and Validate Startup Ideas
 40 Hour Work Weeks Suck
Arrington, Race, and Silicon Valley
This One Hurts: Dr. Walter Bortz on Dr. John McCarthy
IOS 4 vs. 5, Pixel by Pixel (jp)
Publicly funded science should be open science
Don't Call Yourself a Programmer
Git is exploding
Addictive and sticky HTML5 experiment
Why we think there's a Multiverse, not just our Universe
The Inexplicable War on Lemonade Stands
Apple acquired mind-blowing 3D mapping company C3 Technologies
An Elephant Burial
Ubuntu should zig to Apple’s zag
Giving the F.B.I. What It Wants
Easter Island heads have bodies
The LMAX Architecture - 100K TPS at Less than 1ms Latency
Awesome web development productivity tools
Zuckerberg: If I Were Starting A Company Now, I Would Have Stayed In Boston
A Sister’s Eulogy for Steve Jobs
All Maps in China are Transformed
Ruby 1.9.3 released 
Online hackers threaten to expose cartel's secrets
You Are the Average of Your Five Closest Friends
Klout Is Odious
Things That Turbo Pascal is Smaller Than
Why Palantir Makes My Head Hurt
The Book That Every Programmer Should Read
Steve Jobs' memo to startups
Dave Winer: Why I stand up for Stallman
The (logarithmic) calendar I want 
I also stand up for Stallman
How One Missing `var` Ruined our Launch
SciRuby
I am a programmer
Stop the E-Parasite Act
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (November 2011)
Gmail’s new look
Khan Academy: Computer Science
Introducing GitHub Enterprise
Racism in Tech
White House responds to Patent Petition
Anonymous Cancels Operation Cartel as Los Zetas Track Hacktivists
Ring Counter Clock: still running after 40 years
College has been oversold
Carmack: Doom 3's engine ready for open-sourcing, awaiting 'OK' from legal
The end of an era: Internet Explorer drops below 50% of Web usage
I swapped my MacBook for an iPad+Linode
Dark Sky - Weather Prediction, Reinvented
Don't Give Your Users Shit Work
Underrated Features of PostgreSQL 
Two decades of productivity: Vim's 20th anniversary
How Khan Academy is using machine learning to assess student mastery
Happy Birthday Vim, The Venerable Text Editor Turns 20
The End of the Credit Card? New Square app: Card Case
My offer to Google Reader
Awesome about page
Why the Mac App Sandbox makes me sad
Do a barrel roll - Google Search
JQuery 1.7 Released
Apple and the Kindle
Convergence: complete HTML5 game
Apple's 1978 office floor plan
Stop motion video shot over 2 years with 288,000 jelly beans
Twitter Bootstrap v1.4.0 Released
Apple's Supply Chain Secret
Google threatens to cut ties with Chamber of Commerce over Protect-IP lobbying
“But The Client Wants IE 6 Support”
Linus Torvalds: Software and Process Patents Don't Make Sense
Show HN: Scroll Reddit
WikiLeaks: Out of time and money
How Not to Design a Home Page
The Hustler's Manifesto
Eclipse launches new language to cut down Java boilerplate - Extend
DressRush Pitch Deck
Why Daylight Saving Time Should Be Abolished
The Number One Trait of a Great Developer
How Can Anyone Still Hate Bill Gates?
Node.js v0.6.0 is released
Online graduate-level machine learning course from CMU's Tom Mitchell
Failing with MongoDB
Goldman's new money machine: warehouses
Python: copying a list the right way
Facebook detects if you are logged in Gmail
Why the cheapest maple syrup is the best
Missing Person - Tracy Williams, Technorati Employee
1TB Hard Drive Prices up 180% in a Month
Don't use MongoDB
Programmers' salaries at Google $250k (and up)
You're a developer, so why do you work for someone else?
Teachers write their own online textbook, save district $175,000
What being hopelessly single taught me about pitching tech celebs
AI are taking jobs
Revisiting Google App Engine's pricing changes
Steve Jobs's Real Genius
I wrote BozoCrack to show why plain MD5 is a horrible way to hash passwords.
Learn Web Design, Web Development, and iOS Development - Treehouse
One-time Secret: Share passwords etc with URIs that work only once
Show HN: An OS X music library I've been working on for the past year.
Technorati's Tracy Williams is alive and safe in a local hospital
Something is wrong with this picture.
Security researcher Charlie Miller booted from Apple Developer Program
Take a short break in a quiet place
Free 5 Billion Page Web Index Now Available from Common Crawl Foundation
Nimbus.io: Open-source alternative to Amazon S3
Redis: Zero to Master in 30 minutes
The Knife Maker
BankSimple invites first customers; rebrands itself as Simple
Two New Fed GPS Trackers Found on SUV
A Brief Rant on the Future of Interaction Design
A web video company that is most likely a hoax  
Why Is The Defense Department Snooping On My Phone?
Grove.io: Hosted, Searchable IRC Chat For Teams
Unix v6 Ported to ANSI C
Nassim Taleb: End Bonuses For Bankers
The Social Graph is Neither
SEO tricks from Patio11
Adobe ceases development on mobile browser Flash, refocuses efforts on HTML5
"I've isolated the bug to a database query"
Watch Me Make Mistakes
Microsoft may halt development work on Silverlight plugin after next release
Half of China's millionaires want to leave country
Mozilla launched popcorn.js
Lesser Known Ways to Persuade People
Swearing
Confident Code
ØMQ: Mission Accomplished
Go nuts with CSS3 hover effects
How to work from home without going insane (purple monkey dishwasher)
Zynga to employees: Give back our stock or you'll be fired
Redesigning the country selector
Lessons I wish I had been Taught
Can you build beautiful sites with Twitter Bootstrap? Hell yes
Steam loses user database
If You’re Busy, You’re Doing Something Wrong
Shapecatcher - draw the unicode character you want
In defense of the Google chef
EMI music is sold to Universal.  We're down to three major labels.
Linux Mint: The new Ubuntu?
Google Engineer: What I learned in the war 
10x XSS on apple.com
"I would dial the 300 baud dial-up number, and scream the carrier tone."
Father's homemade machine helps disabled son to walk (video)
Fakecall: helping polite introverts stay productive
Machine Vision made Easy - SimpleCV
Instagram Engineering Challenge: The Unshredder
Why Gmail's new design is unsuitable for heavy use
Planes overhead
Tim O'Reilly: I am really starting to hate Mac OS X.
How the Plummeting Price of Cocaine Fueled the Nationwide Drop in Violent Crime
HTML5 terminal
Flash is dead. Long live the internet.
It's not just Flash for Mobile, Flex is dead too
Bill Nguyen: The Boy In The Bubble
Think different about Jobs
Europe's Web Of Debt
PragDave: I'm on vacation, and I've deleted your message—really
Oppenheimer's recommendation letter for Richard Feynman
Neil deGrasse Tyson AMA
Diaspora Co-Founder Ilya Zhitomirskiy Passes Away At 21
Generation Sell
List of freely available programming books
Congress: Trading stock on inside information?
At Google X, a Top-Secret Lab Dreaming Up the Future
Isaacs: try/catch is an anti-pattern
InstaCSS: the CSS docs you always wish you had
 Barnes & Noble Exposes Microsoft's Trivial Patents and Strategy Against Android
Jack Dorsey does 8 hours at Twitter, 8 hours at Square daily
Stop SOPA, save the Internet
Cracking Siri
Massive networks of stripes appear in Chinese Desert--visible from space
Planet Earth time lapse photos from the International Space Station
Google releases full Android 4.0.1 source code, includes Honeycomb too
How to lose time and money
Modern Web Applications are Here
Saving a Life is Easy, But I Didn't
Spark
US Bill Creating the Great Firewall of America
How I Made $19,000 on the App Store While Learning to Code
This 28-Year-Old Is Making Sure Credit Cards Won't Exist In The Next Few Years
Fail Upwards
Google adds verbatim search mode for your exact search terms
"Build something people want" is not enough
Tell congress to stop SOPA with a physical letter
A shuffled deck of cards is unique in all human history
Mozilla urges its users to raise their voice against SOPA
Airport full-body X-ray scanners banned across Europe as unsafe
SOPA Hearing is Streaming Live
Asynchronous UIs - the future of web user interfaces
Internet giants place full-page anti-SOPA ad in NYT
What Jeff Bezos Knew Back in 1997 That Made Amazon a Gorilla
RIAA claims you do not own your iTunes music purchases
Williams: Master of the "Come From"
Sweet sanity: 75% of Americans say infringement fines should be under $100
If you want to get rich, stop being a fucking joker
Stanford to host more online classes
.bit non-governmental domain name registrar, for the post-SOPA era
JQuery Mobile 1.0
I Saw An Extremely Subtle Bug Today And I Just Have To Tell Someone
Microsoft, Apple and 27 other tech companies backing SOPA indirectly
EU Adopts Resolution Against US Domain Seizures
A human review of the Kindle Fire
Please Poach Me
Neutrino experiment affirms faster-than-light claim
Nancy Pelosi, Ron Paul join SOPA opposition
SOPA sponsors break their own laws
Tumblr's anti-censorship message generated 87,834 phone calls to representatives
USB Stick Contains Dual-Core Computer, Turns Any Screen Into an Android Station
An Introduction to Stock & Options for the Tech Entrepreneur or Startup Employee
Sergey Brin gives $500,000 to help Wikipedia
Show HN: When is good time to submit a story on HN?
OS.js (JavaScript Operating System)
Back to the Future Photo Project (NSFW)
Most laser printer printed pages have tracking watermark
Full disk encryption is too good?
Man Survives Steve Ballmer’s Flying Chair To Build ’21st Century Linux’
New Arrested Development will appear exclusively on Netflix Streaming
How Facebook is ruining sharing
Declassified Bunker of the USSR
New Stanford class on Cryptography
Clojure & Python, Side by Side
Norway: an Eden with wifi
http://(Type any keyword here).jpg.to
90% Good parts of jQuery - at only 13% of the size
Why Emacs?
Clayton Christensen: How MBA-driven Profit focus is Killing the U.S. Economy
Stanford University Free Class: Design and Analysis of Algorithms I
What's the one Linux command you wish you knew years ago?
Proxy server for Siri
Don't. Waste. Time.
The co-op business model: share whatever you've got
Steve Jobs brainstorms with the NeXT team
Smooth CoffeeScript
&! (and bang), project management for teams
Is SpaceX changing the rocket equation?
Ask HN: How do you know if you're burnt out or just being lazy?
The Sugru story
How automatic transmission almost made sperm whales extinct
Progress against SOPA
Facebook is gaslighting the web. We can fix it.
PyPy 1.7 released: widening the sweet spot
EBay acquires Hunch for $80m
GCC 4.7 adds transactional memory extensions for C/C++
How Elite Firms Hire: The Inside Story
Welcome to the new web.
The price of a messy codebase: No LaTeX on the iPad
The Hushed Dangers of Startup Depression
The Government's $200,000 Useless Android Application
Traveling, Writing and Programming
Doom 3 source released
Carmack: Parallel Implementations
Twelve Factors of Web Application Development
Forth Inventor Chuck Moore's $20 144 core CPU now in full production
Open Source (Almost) Everything
RIP, Anne McCaffrey
Microsoft, Apple and Others Withdrawal Support for SOPA
Apache considered harmful
Google.pl's crazy doodle
Please let this not be the future of reading on the web
What's wrong with OKCupid's matching algorithm.
Groupon falls below $20/share
Image Ad Blending Works Really, Really Well
GitHub for Mac 1.1
How I Became a Programmer in ~12 Weeks
The Closed, Unfriendly World of Wikipedia
In Response to SOPA, Reddit Meshnet Project picks up steam
What's In A GIF
EU Court of Justice: Censorship in Name of Copyright Violates Fundamental Rights
"Invisible Electrostatic Wall" at 3M adhesive tape plant (1996)
For Thanksgiving, give your parents a treat: upgrade their browser
ECMAScript 6 looks promising
Why do humans procrastinate?
The sports footage you won't see on TV this Thanksgiving
China to cancel college majors that don't pay
How to Get Good at Making Money
Twine: Listen to your world, talk to the Internet
Build Doom3 on MacOSX with XCode4
Python Facts
Joel Spolsky On Tech Hiring: Beware the Exploding Offer
Suddenly, Hacker News is not the first result for 'Hacker News'
Microsoft Announces "Kinect Accelerator" to Turn Hacks into Businesses 
How Spotify Works
Books For Learning to Design, The Hard Way
Linus's first version README for git
Feds Seize 130+ Domain Names in Mass Crackdown
Student can't afford tablet for girlfriend, so builds her one for $125
How to be interesting (2006)
Man-made super flu could kill half of humanity
Open Sourced Google Wave demo site.  Run from a single server
GitHub forking has one big flaw
Quotes from 1995 Steve Jobs Interview
Peter Norvig on dance photography
Want jobs? Encourage immigration
Solving Instagram's Unshredder with Mechanical Turk and $0.50
LLVM 3.0 Type System Rewrite
Nobody's Going to Help You, and That's Awesome
Linux Mint signs a partnership with DuckDuckGo
Bitcoin
The Clojure Community and Me
Startups Are Hard. So Work More, Cry Less, And Quit All The Whining
Design for Developers
'Most Beautiful Woman' By Day, Inventor By Night
Fliers Must Turn Off Devices, but It’s Not Clear Why
The Trouble with Bright Kids
Zynga's Tough Culture Risks a Talent Drain
Firefox – tons of tools for web developers
Scroogled (1997)
Python Ecosystem - An Introduction
Equations True Computer Science Geeks Should (at Least Pretend to) Know
I was annoyed with sites asking for too many Facebook privileges and made this
Developer Income Report #16
50% of neuroscience papers suffer from a major statistical error.
Startup hopes to hack the immigration system with a floating incubator
Whatever works for you
Back in the Django saddle
Matrix multiplication in O(n^2.373)
Watch a VC use my name to sell a con
I regularly hire women for 65% to 75% of what males make
How does SOPA threaten Stack Overflow?
US judge orders hundreds of sites "de-indexed" from Google, Facebook
Little Printer prints you a beautiful mini-newspaper.
Facebook settles with FTC, under privacy watch for 20 years
"What I Miss About Counterstrike" - Blog authored by CSS legend JonMumm
Yammer moving from Scala to Java
Google Bar: The next stage in Google redesign
Show HN: Entire concerts algorithmically "reconstructed" from YouTube videos
The Rest of the Story (Yammer & Scala)
Learning Modern 3D Graphics Programming
Secret app on millions of phones logs key taps 
HN: Amit Gupta hasn't found a marrow transplant match; today's your last chance.
IOS App Store Submission Checklist - anything else to add?
You'll be dead soon - Carpe Diem
US Road Fatalities 2001-09 mapped with OpenStreetMap
The mental gymnastics involved in having a high security clearance.
Carrier IQ references discovered in Apple's iOS
Poll: HN readers, where's your residence?
WikiLeaks: The Spy Files
Dwolla: transactions under $10 are free
Ivo – a reimagined Unix terminal system
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (December 2011)
Chrome Overtakes Firefox Globally for First Time
Tyranny of the Tools
Google rips Senate's online piracy bill: 'This is what is wrong with Washington'
LLVM 3.0 Released
Rand Fishkin: Inbound Marketing for Startups
Ask HN: How many of you built a profitable startup while having a day job?
Swiss Government: Downloading Movies and Music Will Stay Legal 
This Site’s Domain is Stolen
[Django] Python 3 port - all tests now pass on 2.7.2 and 3.2.2
Rob "CmdrTaco" Malda's Resume.  Anyone interested?
A primer on Bezier curves
How to build a data mining web app?
The Modern Java Ecosystem (for the Sinatra or web.py lover)
Notch is no longer lead developer on Minecraft
Moving from SVN to Git in 1,000 easy steps
If Everyone Else is Such an Idiot, How Come You're Not Rich?
What Powers Instagram: Hundreds of Instances, Dozens of Technologies
Facebook buys Gowalla
Paul Graham and not being as right as he could be in “The Age of the Essay”
Indian Railways stations, trains and schedules database in JSON and SQL formats
I too know the websites you visited
Some Asians' college strategy: Don't check 'Asian'
The raster tragedy at low resolution (1997)
Firefox 11 Targeted for SPDY Support
The Mature Programmer
Superstitious users and the FreeBSD logo
The secret history of the about:jwz url
How about some Android graphics true facts?
Path menu in pure CSS3
Zendesk CEO calls Freshdesk a freaking rip off - Freshdesk responds
Why I Will Never Feel Threatened by Programmers in India
How Doctors Die
Fuck passwords
MemShrink progress report, week 23
Man with multiple degrees fails standardized test for children
NASA Confirms Its First Planet in Habitable Zone of Sun-like Star
I Don't Understand What Anyone Is Saying Anymore
Ordered List is a GitHubber
Follow up to “Android graphics true facts”, or The Reason Android is Laggy
Knyle Style Sheets
Researchers 'speak' to dolphins in their own language
Damn Cool Algorithms, Part 1: BK-Trees
Google can be used as a graphic calculator
CNet's Download.com now bundling Nmap with malware
The Rise of Developeronomics
More Paypal nonsense
Facebook security hole allows viewing of private photos
Why TechCrunch is boring, SAP is not, and the world has gone mad
Instant CSS, JS, HTML or DOM documentation
Don't Be A Free User
Csg.js: Constructive Solid Geometry, with rotatable 3D models 
The single most useful Emacs feature
Tell HN: You said not to. So I quit my job and started. 5 mos later: OpenPhoto
Sal Khan is MIT's 2012 Commencement speaker
What is the single most influential book every programmer should read?
Please Donate to the Internet Archive
Mint.com turns 404 ad page into date ad for developer
Thoughts on Python 3
CNET Injecting Malware into Downloads
Mythbusters experiment goes awry, sends cannonball through two houses
Poll: How much did you earn from your stock options during exit?
Good UX in the Wild: Dropbox's attention to detail on their download page
You've Probably Read Enough
What really happened aboard Air France 447
The Unintended Effects of Driverless Cars
What Eric Schmidt actually said
17-year-old wins 100k for creating cancer-killing nanoparticle
Apple Never Designed the iPad - They Undesigned it
Announcing Amber.js
Feds Mistakenly Shut Down Popular Blog For Over A Year
Knuth and the Unix Way
A single line to 3 cashiers is ~3x faster than a separate line for each cashier
Why we ditched PayPal for Stripe
Snake game in a data: URI 
JQuery plugins site accidentally deleted - last backup one year old.
The Crunchpad is proof of obviousness in iPad design
We've invented waterfall
Apple using patents to undermine open standards again
HP to Contribute webOS to Open Source
At the End of a Procrastinated Day
GitHub's Unicorn Setup
Over 40% of cancers due to lifestyle, says review
Motorola wins patent suit against Apple in Germany, iPhone/iPad to be banned
The diagnosis
Obama Announces $2B Fund for Startups
MPAA Boss: If The Chinese Censor The Internet, Why Can't The US?
Universal Censors Megaupload Song, Gets Branded a “Rogue Label”
Apple Made A Deal With The Devil (No, Worse: A Patent Troll)
Two Congressional Staffers Who Helped Write SOPA Become Entertainment Lobbyists
Louis CK self-produces, self-publishes content on his webpage
Getting a job in software development: A Reddit discussion round-up
I Know What You Downloaded on BitTorrent…
The end of social
What is 1e100.net?
Kindle Touch jail broken via ID3 Tag
Stop Telling Women To Do Startups
No Copyright Intended
Thanks HN
The key value store we ignored (Postgresql)
Hey Google, thanks for making my daughter cry.
Vim: revisited
WebSockets RFC is now official
Why Spotify can never be profitable: The secret demands of record labels
Russian legislative elections 2011 - statistical evidence of vote fraud
STFU About What Women Want
AdBlock Plus will soon allow "non-intrusive" ads by default
The Day I Saw Van Gogh’s Genius in a New Light
Programming With Nothing: FizzBuzz in the lambda calculus in Ruby
Megaupload to Sue Universal, Joins Fight Against SOPA
When Truth Survives Free Speech
The Secret Number
Create - A new kind of web editing interface
Google is working on integrating terminal emulator into Chrome
FBI: Carrier IQ files used for "law enforcement purposes"
TextMate 2
RFC: Blanking all Wikipedia as SOPA protest
Trillion-frame-per-second video
Bfxr. Make sound effects for your games.
Amazon.com just closed my seller account. No warning, no details.
Suicide
Why apps are not the future
TextMate 2 (Public) Alpha
Louis C.K. "I've never seen a check from a [TV] comedy special"
The Humble Indie Bundle #4 (pay what you want and help charity)
Why you can't hire
A Case Against Using CoffeeScript
From zero to Go: launching on the Google homepage in 24 hours
Louis C.K. experiment results: over $500,000 in 4 days
The real reason you can't hire developers....
Nvidia Opens CUDA Platform, Releases Compiler Source Code
Scott Hanselman's 2011 Ultimate Developer and Power Users Tool List for Windows
New Blender 3D with Motion Tracking, new rendering engine, dynamic paint
Job placement program for top students in Stanford's online AI class
Trolls (2008)
Bug Prediction at Google
Sergey Brin, et al. to U.S. Government: Do Not Emulate These Oppressive Nations
Google Awarded Driverless Vehicle Patent
Microsoft decides to automatically update Internet Explorer for everyone
I'm starting to think LEGO is evil
The nightmarish SOPA hearings
Linux flavors and derivatives tree
Horseshit - Joshua Topolsky responds to MG & Gruber 
Report: Iran Hacked, Hijacked U.S. Drone
An Open Letter From Internet Engineers to the U.S. Congress  
Design is Horseshit
In Memoriam: Christopher Hitchens, 1949–2011
How Super Mario Bros. 3 was made
Famous Last Words by Bosses I've Had
In case SOPA passes: IP addresses of popular websites 
SOPA Hearings Delayed, 140,000 Americans watched the hearings
How to stop SOPA: Don't build it.
Learn to speak vim - verbs, nouns, and modifiers
The Command Line Crash Course (Zed Shaw)
Focus on building 10x teams, not on hiring 10x developers
Dear Congress, It's No Longer OK To Not Know How The Internet Works
SOPA vote is now December 21
Nerds and Male Privilege
POSIX close(2) is broken
History of version control - 10 astonishments
Google: Let it snow
Tips for Remote Unix Work (SSH, screen, and VNC)
Notch live coding for Ludum dare 22
The Orbit of the Moon around the Sun is Convex
YouTube Says Universal Had No ‘Right’ to Take Down Megaupload Video
Show HN: My Zappos/Twilio hackathon entry 
I'm turning 30 and I've produced no amazing art.
Why have CPUs been limited in frequency to around 3.5Ghz for so many years?
The switch: Python to Node.js
Reddit admin: "If SOPA passes it would almost certainly mean the end of reddit"
Whitehouse.gov petition to veto SOPA
Why is one loop slower than 2 in C?
Sinatra::Synchrony - Evented, fast, concurrent Ruby web apps with no callbacks
SOPA creator received half a million dollars from the TV/Film/Music lobby
Where's Waldo?
N. Korean leader Kim Jong Il dies
MITx positions to offer certification for completing courses online
Why is Windows so slow?
The Bomb That Changed My Life
Dear Internet: It's no Longer OK Not to Know How Congress Works
An Indian Inventor Disrupts The Period Industry
How to get hired (or, 'The silly story of interviewing in the valley')
CoffeeScript is not a language worth learning
Unfortunate Python
Rails 3.2 RC1: Faster dev mode & routing, explain queries, tagged logger, store
Ask HN: I really need your help (resolved)
The Secret History of Kim Jung Il -- written by one of his high school teachers
Desingineer – the mythical person every startup is looking for
Show HN: I Created the Inverse of Angry Birds
Mozilla and Google Sign New Agreement for Default Search in Firefox
Dropping a Magnet Through a Copper Pipe
63% Prefer a Dark Themed Text Editor
Good news: Mozilla fixed their damn browser
Sony sued over PSN "can't sue us" clause
My Ultimate Developer and Power Users Tool List for Mac OS X (2011 Edition)
ISO C is increasingly moronic
All Programmers Are Self-Taught
Facebook machine learning technology improves; Redditors alaramed.
Hungry Academy - get paid to learn Ruby
Jurors Need to Know That They Can Say No
John Resig: JavaScript as a First Language
Bingo Card Creator (etc) Year In Review 2011
Smoke Screening: Journalist tests TSA
Why We Haven’t Met Any Aliens
Backbone.js Fundamentals
GoDaddy supports SOPA, redditor proposes "Move your Domain Day"
Here is Godaddy’s statement in support of SOPA
GoDaddy's SOPA Support Sparks Calls for Boycotts and Domain Transfers
Louis CK's self distributed special up to 1MM revenue in 12 days
A Step By Step Guide to Transfer Domains Out Of GoDaddy
Paul Graham: SOPA Supporting Companies No Longer Allowed At YC Demo Day
Killing the Internet to save Hollywood
Official list of SOPA supporters
GoDaddy Faces boycott over SOPA support
Cheezburger Dumping GoDaddy over SOPA
Namecheap.com: We say no to SOPA
StackOverflow also planning to switch from GoDaddy due to SOPA concerns.
List of YC companies that use GoDaddy
"Another World" (game) Code Review
GoDaddy is default registrar for Google Apps Domains
Go Daddy No Longer Supports SOPA
Being a "Great Coder" and 10000 Hours
Elon Musk says he will put millions of people on Mars
Redditors pledging to donate thousands to Wikimedia if they dump GoDaddy
The Only Way to Stop SOPA
All Hacker Monthly issues free for next ~24 hours
GoDaddy is scrambling to do damage control
Super Meat Boy leaves database wide open
John Carmack on the importance of Static Code Analysis
Wikipedia will be leaving GoDaddy
GoDaddy has not withdrawn its official congressional support for SOPA 
Pledge to cancel your Comcast in support of SOPA
How to Learn to Write iOS Apps
While we are focusing on SOPA, we are being distracted from the Protect IP Act
HTC's delays in releasing Linux source code are unacceptable
Thanks HN for the Christmas colors and Merry Christmas to you, too
We and Mozilla are working together to make the web awesome
Chrome Engineer: Firefox Is A Partner, Not A Competitor
GoDaddy loses 72,354 domains this week alone
Death to .DS_Store
Christmas tree made out of form elements (webkit)
Decades later, a Cold War secret revealed
The Dumbest Idea In The World: Maximizing Shareholder Value
Open Letter to sites with annoying interfaces
The legacy of Srinivasa Ramanujan
My husband is a programmer; I have no idea what that means.
Why (and how) we've switched away from Google Maps
Time to end the war on drugs
Is Godaddy delaying domain transfer requests?
Update on GoDaddy Transfer Issues
GoDaddy: A glimpse of the Internet under SOPA
Show HN: Redis/ruby-based realtime event-tracking
December 29th is Dump GoDaddy Day
Why Aren't Other SOPA Supporters Being Punished Like GoDaddy?
Ask HN: Best book you read in 2011
Avenger controller company pisses off gaming community with bad customer support
Practical Garbage Collection - Part 1: Introduction
'TSA Arrests Me for Using the Fourth Amendment as a Weapon'
Namecheap to Donate $1 to EFF for Every Domain Transfer on December 29th
What future space combat would really look like
Adventures in Aeron Chair Arbitrage
Facebook deleted their Python SDK repository without warning
After 7.5 years, Firefox finally adds line numbers to view-source:
I Think You're Fat (2007)
My uncle's factorization algorithms
6 month read-through/discussion of Gödel, Escher, Bach starting 1/17 on Reddit
Google takes down profile pic because someone was flipping the bird
A man, a mop, a year, and an app
Stanford Free Classes – A review from a Stanford Student
Dot-dash-diss: The gentleman hacker's 1903 lulz
Salman Khan of Khan Academy AMA on reddit
The Coming War on General Purpose Computation 
Why ++[[]][+[]]+[+[]] = 10 in JavaScript
3.3 million e-mails between the most powerful men are about to be released.
Show HN: We just launched our MVP, a new RSS Reader
Cracking WPA in 10 hours or less
Scientists' proposed calendar synchronizes dates with days
Bullshit
Hadoop Reaches 1.0
What Makes Android Revolutionary
I'll tell you why movie revenue is dropping...
The Dangerous Effects of Reading
Gandi.net will contribute $1 per inbound transfer to EFF until Jan 15th
Dear MG Siegler, Are you seriously upset about your photo?
SOPA Opponents May Go Nuclear
How to Become a Must-Have
Hitchhiker's Guide to Python
Hashify: what becomes possible when one is able to store documents in URLs?
Ron Paul speaks against SOPA
The lost Van Jacobson paper that could save the Internet 
SOPA-like Nightmare: Domain Shut Down, No Notice, Over A Million Pages Down
Stop reading this blog and learn something
I made progress bars using only CSS3. You can use them for free.
Facebook no longer supports IE7
The Magna Carta Essay
Download Entire Wikipedia for Offline Use With an HTML5 App
Sony, Nintendo, EA hide behind PR move. Still support SOPA
Why Don’t We Value Spatial Intelligence?
Apple design chief Jonathan Ive awarded knighthood
Doctorow: The coming war on general-purpose computation
Stop whining and start hiring remote workers
The best things and stuff of 2011 by Fogus
Happy New Year!
Full color laser TV
Facebook hands out White Hat debit cards to hackers
Best Papers in Computer Science up to 2011
Avoid Apress
Turning off Google search results indirection
There's no shame in code that is simply "good enough"
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (January 2012)
Show HN: Scrollorama
How to date a supermodel (or get dealflow or find cofounders)
How I Wrote and Self-Published a Book: Step by Step
Occupy Portland's Dec 3rd Tactic to Neutralize Police
Impress.js - a Prezi like implementation using CSS3 3D transformations
The way people copy each other's linguistic style reveals their pecking order
New Year's Resolution: Full Disk Encryption on Every Computer You Own
Belarus makes browsing foreign web sites a criminal offense
The Greatest Paper Map of the United States You’ll Ever See
A Happy, Flourishing City With No Advertising
Richard Stallman Was Right All Along
I am done with the freemium business model
What Americans Keep Ignoring About Finland's School Success
Show HN: How I built a self-driving (RC) car.
TileMill — an application for making beautiful maps
Google’s Jaw-Dropping Sponsored Post Campaign For Chrome
IPhone 4 in pure CSS3
Python for Humans
Resolutions for programmers
Poll: As a freelancer, how much do you bill per hour?
TVs are all awful
Awesome but Useless
IE6 Usage Falls to Under 1% in U.S.
How to Participate in Hacker News
PayPal forces buyer to destroy $2500 pre-WWII antique violin in dispute
A Programming Idiom You've Never Heard Of 
Bill Joy's greatest gift to man – the vi editor
A Man. A Van. A Surprising Business Plan.
Why the Movie Industry Can't Innovate and the Result is SOPA
Google+ Is Going To Mess Up The Internet
Never create Ruby strings longer than 23 characters
Why do we pay sales commissions?
I was on BloombergTV talking SOPA today - how'd I do?
Top TED Talks of 2011 To Inspire Tech Startups
Why Don’t Smartphones Have A “Guest Mode”?
The Future of CouchDB
A Redditor's insightful message for discouraged students
Nokia Maps 3D (WebGL)
Why 37signals Doesn't Hire Programmers Based on Brainteasers
Spain threatened with trade blacklist for not passing SOPA style law
California State Senator Proposes Funding Open-Source Textbooks
Web Giants Consider 'Nuclear Option' Blackout to Fight SOPA
Reddit traffic doubles in less than a year, to 2 billion monthly pageviews
App Engine charges $6,500 to update a ListProperty on 14.1 million entities
Damn Cool Algorithms: Fountain Codes
Visitor.js
SOPA-Supporting News Outlets Aren't Covering SOPA
How Yoga Can Wreck Your Body
Free Programming Ebooks
How Trello is different
Uncloaking a Slumlord Conspiracy with Social Network Analysis
GAGA-2
Minimum Viable SEO
Quick Salary Tip for Software Engineers 
Mayor Bloomberg Will Learn How To Write Code In 2012
Al Gore Comes Out Against SOPA/PIPA
Hackruiter (YC S10) Launches Hacker School
Open Source Visitor.js
This is why I don't give you a job
The Art of Unix Programming
Color Thief, script for grabbing the color palette from an image
Man Embraces Useless Machines, and Absurdity Ensues
Facebook intimidates developer, bans him and his code for life
WebGL Nyan cat
Bootstrap for Facebook apps
CNN covers SOPA on homepage
Tools I Use - tmux
NGINX takes 2nd place in Web Servers from Microsoft IIS
Android app scans products, reveals SOPA support status of creator
Tell HN: Frustrated and feeling pretty useless at this point.
List of every member of congress who supports SOPA, sortable by donations
Philosopher invents clever iPhone case
Feynman on explanations
Introducing "Python for Android"
Hacked memo leaked: Apple, Nokia, RIM supply backdoors for government?
UK Government Betrayal of Open Standards Confirmed 
Complete, stand alone Stanford machine learning course notes
A simple guide for getting started with git
In 1951 there was a children's U-238 Atomic Energy Lab playset for $50
Reddit successfully pressures Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) to back off support of SOPA
The New Web Typography
The $40 Standup Desk
Your body wasn’t built to last: a lesson from human mortality rates
True Scala complexity 
Alexis Ohanian and Dan Kaminsky will address Congress on Jan 18th
Microsoft launches an HTML5 version of Cut the Rope
Why I Hate Android
How France’s Free will reinvent mobile
The anatomy of a ripoff
WordPress has left the building
How to nap
Don't write on the whiteboard
JavaScript Needs Blocks
Raspberry Pi: We’ve started manufacture 
Introducing the Backbone.js Boilerplate
Reddit to go dark on Jan 18 to protest SOPA
This Photograph Is Not Free
I quit my high-paying job to follow my dream of launching a startup. Here it is.
Why Google And Facebook Need To Go Dark To Protest SOPA
This photograph is free
Good bye, Google Maps… thanks for all the fish
Small teams are dramatically more efficient than large teams
Google+ Hacker News Circle makes Search plus Your World Amazing
ClojureScript One
Poll: Do you think HN should go dark in protest of SOPA?
Sublime Text 2 Beta released with Auto-complete and Improved UI
Ask PG: could you add the subdomain next to the article title?
Why is C faster than Java: git vs JGit
Twss.js
Jon Stewart Talks SOPA, at Last
The author of SOPA is a copyright violator 
How rel=nofollow Works
Android Design
The Pirate Bay Will Stop Serving Torrents
Microsoft confirms UEFI fears, locks down ARM devices
Circumventing the No-Fly list in thirty seconds
Google, what were you thinking?
Google's Kenyan ripoff?
DuckDuckGo gets a new look
New York City gets a Software Engineering High School
My Call to Senator Schumer’s Office on PIPA: It’s So Much Worse Than I Thought
Tim O’Reilly: Why I’m fighting SOPA
Twitter Bootstrap Generator
Coding Skill and the Decline of Stagnation
Snapshot: Viaweb, June 1998
Google responds to the Mocality blog post
The Rise of the New Groupthink
Bill Gates Gives Away More Money Than The Entire US Foreign Aid Budget
Abolish the Department of Homeland Security
The White House's Response to SOPA
Shipping $36000 worth of Japanese candy
Remain Diligent: SOPA and PIPA Must Be Squashed, Not Changed
Show HN: A visual explanation of Fisher–Yates shuffle
Search: .lenght - Github
This Is Why You Don't Go to the Gym
British student may be extradited to US on copyright charges
Don't submit to the SSL cert racket. You can get one for no charge
Schlep Blindness
Boing Boing will go dark on Jan 18 to fight SOPA
Programming prodigy passes away at 16
Alexis Ohanian vs NBC - Debating SOPA
Learn C The Hard Way
Typing at 255 WPM shouldn't cost $4000
Zappos.com customer database compromised
Login to your Google account by scanning a QR code
SOPA 'shelved' until consensus is found
Website outages and blackouts the right way
Making Love to Webkit
Trust is Fragile
On the Usability of Codecademy
Wikipedia to Shut Down on Wednesday to Protest SOPA
Nearly 1000 of NY Tech protesting Senators on PIPA this Wed - join us, Valley
JSON will be a core type in PostgreSQL 9.2
What It’s Really Like to Work at Google
SOPA is a Red Herring
Elsevier = Evil
Google IP Vandalizing OpenStreetMap [Not a comprehensive post]
Natural Language Processing with Python, free online
Copyright King: Why the "I Have a Dream" Speech Still Isn't Free
Google will protest SOPA using home page
SOPA not Dead. Hearings to Resume in Feb.
What the first web blackout looked like, 17 years ago
SOPA lives—and MPAA calls protests an "abuse of power"
Wikipedia blackout page
Google's Anti-SOPA & PIPA Page
Why I'm a Pirate
Stop SOAP
The Daily WTF goes white to "support" SOPA
No New Accounts Today
Congressman blacksout official .gov website
Amit Gupta has found a 10/10 matched donor
Amazon DynamoDB – a Fast and Scalable NoSQL Database Service from AWS
Facebook Timeline is too awful to be an accident
I'm Pirating the Next Version of Windows
Sal Khan explains SOPA / PIPA
The Pirate Bay's statement on PIPA/SOPA
Maddox - I hope SOPA passes
Death sentence for Iranian web programmer
The Trello Tech Stack
A Word to the Resourceful
Megaupload down, FBI Charges Seven With Online Piracy
Playing chicken with cat.jpg
Every Linux screen locker bypassed with a keypress
The Audacity of the iBooks Author EULA
Anonymous takes down Department of Justice and Universal Music
Vim ported to iOS
Jon Stewart calls out congressional nerd bashing over SOPA
Microsoft keeps it old-school with a pricey text adventure game
Feds, Please Return My Personal Files Stored at MegaUpload
The next SOPA
Request for Startups: Kill Hollywood.
Haskell web programming (a simple tutorial)
Joel Spolsky's Totally Fair Method to Divide Up The Ownership of Any Startup.
SOPA is dead: Smith pulls bill
MPAA lied to Congress about the jobs number
Jonathan Coulton on MegaUpload and piracy
The Secret Document That Transformed China
Investment Firm Y Combinator Goes on Offensive Against Hollywood
Can we kill the music business too?
MPAA Publicly Threatens to Stop Writing Checks
How U.S. Lost Out on iPhone Work
How Reddit went from a second-tier aggregator to the Web’s unstoppable force
We are sorry to inform you
Fields medalist Tim Gowers: Elsevier — my part in its downfall
Polish Internet community goes nuts against ACTA
Two things about SOPA/PIPA and then I'll shut up
Google's "free food" is not free
ACTA will force border searches of laptops, smartphones for pirated content
Apple's mind-bogglingly greedy and evil license agreement
Defending Privacy at the U.S. Border: A Guide for Travelers Digital Devices
US customs blocking DVDs that depict "insurrection against the US"
My idea to "Kill Hollywood"
Amazon studios
Waking up at 5am to code
The Noun Project: Icons for everything
Stallman: Facebook is Mass Surveillance
Html5please
Udacity and the future of online universities
How Can A Free Conference Call Be Free?
Supreme Court rules 9-0 that warrant absolutely needed for police GPS tracking
Salary Negotiation: Make More Money, Be More Valued
The New French Hacker-Artist Underground
Command and Conquer – Programming an RTS game in HTML5 and Javascript
Let's make TCP faster
Mozilla releases version 0.1 of the Rust programming language
Welcome Garry and Aaron
Hastebin
A Brief, Incomplete, and Mostly Wrong History of Programming Languages
Show HN: I'm tired of corrupt US politicians, so I created this
Is My MacBook Pro Always Listening?
Introducing the HUD. Say hello to the future of the menu
Mobile shift: You’ve probably underestimated just how big this is
Twitter's Bootstrap 2 ready for testing and feedback
Show HN: Craigslist Car Search 
Larry Page to Googlers: If You Don’t Get SPYW, Work Somewhere Else
Apple Reports First Quarter Results: $13.06 Billion Net Profit
Show HN: We made an addictive way to browse pictures on reddit
Average Is Over
UK network o2 send your number to every site you visit
Cancer Vaccine, tailor-made for each patient, advances to Stage 1 clinical trial
Google is FUBAR
Google at GitHub
Lisp in 32 lines of Ruby
HP open sources Enyo javascript framework from webOS, now cross platform
The Inside Story of a Small Startup Acquisition
Reddit: 2012 State of the Servers
Show HN: my database engine for GPU
Cars kill cities
Fun with math: Dividing one by 998001 yields a surprising result
Scaling GitHub
Applications open for Y Combinator's summer 2012 funding cycle
Why we shut down a product that was $75,000/year profitable
How to Make It on Craigslist
Hackers have a twisted sense of humor. Watch this: if you laugh, you're one
Graphene: The perfect water filter
Show HN: SocialFolders, "Dropbox for social"
What I Learned From Opening a Bookstore
This is what 864GB of RAM looks like now
How Much Is an Astronaut's Life Worth?
Facebook to File for IPO Next Week 
Understanding the bin, sbin, usr/bin , usr/sbin split
How I Learned Enough Ruby On Rails In 12 Weeks To Launch Freelancify
PyPy funded to begin support for Python 3 and Numpy
On switching to Arch Linux
Coding Horror: Separating Programming Sheep from Non-Programming Goats
How I Develop Things and Why
Steve Jobs personally asked Eric Schmidt to stop poaching employees
Why does that QR Code go to justinsomnia.org?
Paulo Coelho advertises on Pirate Bay front page 
IcedCoffeeScript
YC and 500 Startups company Curebit caught stealing from 37 Signals
Beautiful web type: highlighting the best of the Google web fonts directory
Why Every Professional Should Consider Blogging
Canada Is About To Pass Sopa’s Evil Little Brother. Politely
What if Hollywood had to use tech like we have to watch movies?
Stack Overflow answer explaining JS in the "Wat" talk 
25 Startup Ideas for 2012
Sorry, this blog post is not available in your country.
Ritalin Gone Wrong
Single-block collision for MD5
The ethics of brain boosting
If your client has a problem with a site, send them here and ask for details
Tim O'Reilly: Really, Google is evil now? Let's Get Real. How About Apple?
The Five Stages of Hosting
Everything You Thought You Knew About Learning Is Wrong
US bars friends over Twitter joke
The /bin/true Command and Copyright
Megaupload: A Lot Less Guilty Than You Think
Fixing the Python subprocess interface
GUM: A better CLI for Git
Ryan Dahl steps down
Silicon Valley’s Productivity Secret
Backbone 0.9.0 released
Beginners Guide to HTML/CSS
No longer loving Google
I Was Just Told “You would not have made it through the weekend”
Tesla Model S Options and Pricing
Netherlands makes net neutrality a law
I Wasn't Paid
Dear business people, an iOS app actually takes a lot of work
Hacking the Used Car Purchase
Yahoo Lays Off Flickr Support Staff
The Humble Bundle for Android (and Mac / Windows / Linux)
Giving away the secrets of 99.3% email delivery
Why Lua?
Id Software Open Source releases on GitHub
Bootstrap 2.0, From Twitter
Study Finds Engineers Far More Likely than MBAs to Build and Run Companies
Year of the storm
The Pirate Bay Moves to .SE Domain To Prevent Domain Seizure
Beautiful Buttons for Twitter Bootstrappers
Free course on developing iPad applications from CMU's HCI institute
Inside Stripe
Show HN: Fed up with WebEx, so we built a way to screen share in under 20 sec.
Facebook's S-1 Filing
You're Overthinking It
France convicts Google Maps for unfair competition
Why, oh why, do those nutheads use vi?
Handwriting to LaTeX maths
SSH tricks
Why I signed ACTA
Wikipedia's list of lists of lists
UK chemist on Elsevier's ban on textmining
Jobseekers Invited to “Apply Via API”
Reuters totally clueless about the meaning of "hacking"
My U.S. Border Nightmare
Hackful - A Hacker News for Europe
Anonymous intercepts confidential conference call between FBI and Scotland Yard
MusicForProgramming();
Dear Boss: For a programmer, 10 minutes = 3 hours
Facebook hit git performance issue on large repository
Polish Prime Minister suspends the ACTA ratification
Mac OSX Lion's scroll breaks the web
Why Facebook Connect Shouldn't Be Your Only Sign-in Option
Yale Discovers a Fungus That Eats Plastic 
"They're Made out of Meat?" Short first contact sci-fi story
Never Make Counter-Offers
ShareLaTeX
How I Learned to Program
From sand to processor, or how a CPU is made
Richard Stallman's Computer Setup
Silicon Valley’s engineering salaries are finally getting fair. Thank Facebook
Why French Parents Are Superior 
Why do self-respecting hackers use Gmail & Co?
The Tesla Valve: One Way Flow With No Moving Parts
"I haven’t been drunk in 3 years... and I’ve been partying way more than you."
More damaging evidence on open plan offices
Facebook Is Using You
Udacity to offer entire CS curriculum, certifications to obtain a degree online
Khan Academy: It’s Different This Time
Producer vs. Consumer
The sociology of drinking
Turn.js - The page flip effect for HTML5
Let's Build an MP3 Decoder
btjunkie says goodbye
1k Rose - How a 3D Rose was made in under 1K of javascript
Zap your brain into the zone: Fast track to pure focus
Differences Between jQuery .bind() vs .live() vs .delegate() vs .on()
Honeywell Files Patent Lawsuit Against Smart Thermostat Developer Nest
Suffering-oriented programming
Farewell Stack Exchange
The cause for all your Mac OS X mouse annoyances
What Happens When You Swear At Your Users
You Can’t Copyright Porn, Harassed BitTorrent Defendant Insists
Apple’s great GPL purge
Show HN: Favicon alert bubbles
Romanian Prime Minister Admits He Has No Idea Why Romania Signed ACTA
Canonical will no longer fund Kubuntu
Introducing Chrome for Android
Path uploads your entire iPhone address book to its servers
Vim anti-patterns
You're solving the wrong problem
Ruby Trick Shots
LinkedIn Is Acquiring Contacts Start-Up Rapportive (YC S10)
A $5000 Chair
Hipster (like Path) uploads your address book emails to its servers
Vim University - Screencasts and Articles for Serious Vim Students
Roger Boisjoly dies at 73; engineer tried to halt Challenger launch
BBC confronts Facebook troll
Amazing ASCII interactive fluid animation
We are sorry
Fast enough VMs in fast enough time
Star Trek as a purely symbolic artifact of past times
Advanced Data Structures  MIT
Stealing Your Address Book
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial, 2nd Edition (full draft)
I have a bad feeling about this
Announcing Wolfram Alpha Pro
The FBI's files on Steve Jobs
Craig Silverstein, Google Employee #1, Leaving for Khan Academy
Show HN: Github for Designers
Why I Don’t Host My Own Blog Anymore
Instagram Founder’s Girlfriend Learns How To Code For V-Day, Builds Lovestagram
Startup dudes: Cut the sexist crap
Texas Jury Strikes Down Patent Trolls’ Claim To Own the Interactive Web
Stripe raises $18 million from Sequoia
Double Fine raises $1m in less than 24hrs on Kickstarter
V for Vendetta and the Rise of Anonymous - by Alan Moore
Iran Shuts Down Major Websites and Https Protocol
Germany refuses to sign ACTA (for now)
The Story of 2 $1 Million Projects in 24 Hours
PyPy 1.8 - business as usual
I am a great programmer, but horrible algorithmist
Rules of a Zen programmer
99 Problems But Money Ain't One
GitHub: About This Week's Availability
Dreamliner spells out "787" & Boeing logo over US during test flight
Web Standards
Tor project needs volunteers to help Iranian users access the internet
Show HN: Themes for Bootstrap
Why Python is Important for You
It's 2012 and your kids have an iPhone - Do you know where they are? I do.
Using HTML5/Canvas/Javascript to take screenshots
Coding tricks of game developers
Hijack - iPhone Sensors Thru Audio Jack
A "Moneyball" statician predicted Jeremy Lin's success 2 years ago
Podcasts for Hackers
Be Careful When Comparing AWS Costs...  
Are You a Zen Coder or Distraction-Junkie?
Ask HN: What are the good old ideas that still make money on the web?
What I've Learned About Smart People.
Why Concatenative Programming Matters
Why I use DuckDuckGo and You Should Too
The Fifty is awake again
MITx Opens First Course for Enrollment
Back on Linux (after one year of Apple and OS X)
Build a house for less than $5000
The Management Team - Guest Post From Joel Spolsky
The story of the hardest platform game ever
Reddit takes a new direction
Tumblr Architecture - 15B Page Views a Month and Harder to Scale than Twitter
I had no idea how to make custom maps, so I learnt by doing. You should too.
Sample App with Backbone.js and Twitter Bootstrap
Hit men, click whores, and paid apologists: Welcome to the Silicon Cesspool
BitTorrent Live: Cheap, Real-Time P2P Video Streaming That Will Kill TV
Why Don't Americans Elect Scientists?
Meetings: Where Work Goes to Die
Rediscovering the Rsync Algorithm
How Browsers Work: Behind the Scenes of Modern Web Browsers
Show HN: Hackershelf. Community curated collection of legally free books
Game Developer Gives 7-Year-Old Best Birthday Present Ever
How Far Can You Get From McDonald's?
Walter Isaacson’s ‘Steve Jobs’
How a big movie studio (unfairly) forced a student to give up his senior thesis
Can’t monetize free users? Try threatening them with legal action
Unix as IDE
The 'Undue Weight' of Truth on Wikipedia
Show HN: Bootswatch, free swatches for your Bootstrap site
Apple will require apps to ask users for permission to address books
The machine's view of time, if nanoseconds were seconds
14 years ago: the day Teller gave me the secret to my career in magic.
Books every self-taught computer scientist should read
Jotform domain seized by US due to user generated content
All Web Developers Should Stop Doing This Immediately
Youporn.com is now a 100% Redis Site
* { box-sizing: border-box } FTW
Mountain Lion: John Gruber's personal briefing
Apple announces Mac OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
Iranian Web Programmer’s Death Sentence to Be Carried Out Any Moment
Between a rock and a hard place – our decision to abandon the Mac App Store
Xcode, GCC, and Homebrew
Duck Duck Go Passed 1mm Searches Per Day
Nevada approves regulations for self-driving cars
How Target Figured Out A Teen Girl Was Pregnant Before Her Father Did
Stop Paying Your jQuery Tax
Hacking Hacker News
Designing better user interfaces
Canadian Digs Out Basement Using Only Radio Controlled Scale Tractors and Trucks
How Basecamp Next got to be so damn fast without using much client-side UI
Essential JavaScript Design Patterns For Beginners
Did You Hear We Got Osama?
Sloppy Reporting on the Self Driving Car
Redesigning the Windows Logo
"White hat" Facebook hacker gets 8 months in jail
John Nash's Letter to the NSA
I would rather drink piss like Bear Grylls than log in with Facebook
Forget Self-Improvement
MusicForProgramming();
Why we created Julia - new language for fresh approach to technical computing
Every day at my job I helped people just barely survive
Open Source VLC media player 2.0.0 is out
Mozilla to Certificate Authorities: no subordinate CAs for traffic interception
Tiny Robotic Bee Assembles Itself Like Pop-Up Book
CyanogenMod Needs Your Help
Can guys in coffeeshops compete with celebrity entrepreneurs?
Lisp: It's Not About Macros, It's About Read
Chrome connects to three random domains at startup
How key-based cache expiration works
Online Python Tutor
Our unrealistic views of death, through a doctor’s eyes
How Forbes Stole a New York Times Article and Got All The Traffic
Parsing Techniques - A Practical Guide
The Great Web Framework Shootout – On GitHub
Hackathons are nonsense
How to Make and Use a Transparency Grenade
The shutdown of library.nu
Why I Still Use Emacs
Amon - server monitoring, simplified logging and error tracking for web apps
Splash screens == sloth 
From the IE Team: Google Bypassing User Privacy Settings
Twitter to move away from Hashbangs
How to Acquire a Domain Name (That Someone Already Owns)
Do Things, Tell People.
Aussies' fix for 'stagnated' email 
Lord of the Files: How GitHub Tamed Free Software (And More)
Apache releases first major new version of popular Web server in six years
The US recording industry is stealing from me
New version of Apache HTTP Server released
Please Steal These webOS Features
How Mailinator compresses its email stream by 90%
Ubuntu for Android
Facebook and many other sites also bypass Internet Explorer privacy controls
Agile: 5 years later and you're still doing it wrong
Google to Sell Heads-Up Display Glasses by Year’s End
"It's A Brick" - Tesla Motors' Devastating Design Problem
Remove Google Search History Before New Privacy Policy Takes Effect
Sublime Text 2 Build 2181
How Exercise Fuels the Brain
Flash For Linux Will Only Be Available For Chrome
Cogs bad
The myth of the eight-hour sleep
Rapportive (YC S10) Has Been Acquired By LinkedIn
Paul Graham: Why Y Combinator Replaces The Traditional Corporation
Faster-than-light neutrino result may have been due to bad connection
Hack your way through Stripe's Capture the Flag
EFF Wins Protection for Time Zone Database
A neat way to fold a sheet of paper
The WorldWideWeb application is now available as an alpha release (1991)
Tesla: Not so easily bricked
Why Do Some People Learn Faster?
The Internet Made Me Sad Today
If Android is a "stolen product," then so was the iPhone
Visual Studio '11' Announced
US Appeals Court: Forced Decryption Is Self-Incrimination
Should All Web Traffic Be Encrypted?
Woz on Creativity: Work Alone
Went Off The Rails: Why I'm Rebuilding Archaeopteryx In CoffeeScript
Microsoft needs Wizards: A 1984 Microsoft job posting
“What’s the waiter doing with the computer screen?”
A Senseless Conversation
TV is broken
Redis 2.6 is near
PHP: v8.js
Tesla responds to "bricking" issue
The Sun is Setting on Rails-style MVC Frameworks
Don’t lie to me, Argentina. Imagine a world without statistics
Best of Vim Tips
Learn Regex The Hard Way
Kill Math
Teller Reveals His Secrets
What Happens to the Coke in Coca-Cola?
Google and Microsoft Cheat on Slow-Start. Should You? 
iBooks DRM has been cracked.
The Freedom and Perils of Living Alone
Interesting Windows Desktop UI Concept
Israel to destroy Palestinians' solar panels
Right versus pragmatic
The Shy Connector
Death Note: L, Anonymity & Eluding Entropy
Rails 4.0: PATCH will replace PUT as the primary HTTP method for updates
Apple didn't revolutionize power supplies; new transistors did
Innovation and the Bell Labs Miracle
If you want reproducible science, the software needs to be open source
YouTube Identifies Birdsong As Copyrighted Music
WikiLeaks begins publishing 5 million emails from Stratfor
Gigabit Internet for $80
How To Build a Naive Bayes Classifier
Modafinil and Startups
Open Web Device
Balsamiq integrates with UX.StackExchange.com
A Classic Startup Horror Story
Amazon Prime members buy twice as much, don't compare on price
Tower.js - JavaScript Framework for Node.js modeled after Ruby on Rails
Dear Github, please fix the Watch-Button
I Was a Warehouse Wage Slave: Inside the online-shopping shipping machine
Linus Torvalds on C++
Why I Don't Do Unpaid Overtime and Neither Should You
Thinking different. - A look into the mental illness of a hacker
Why Anti-Authoritarians are Diagnosed as Mentally Ill
The Forgotten Founder: A Silicon Valley Tale of Humiliation and Revenge
Introducing Collusion: Discover who’s tracking you online
Key Techdirt SOPA/PIPA Post Censored By Bogus DMCA Takedown Notice
About normalize.css: a modern, HTML5-ready alternative to CSS resets
Submarine Cable Map
Ask HN: Help a Hacker Out
Comparing PHP, Perl, Python and Ruby
Raspberri PI Release Announcement
Standing invitation: if you want to talk software, I want to talk to you
Windows 8 Consumer Preview released.
Verisign seizes .com domain registered via foreign registrar
TSA: Fail
How To Be Happy Anywhere
Blizzard Lays Off 600, Including About 60 Developers
How Not To Sell Software in 2012
Why upgrading your Linux Kernel will make your customers much happier
Save My House From Apple
Free your technical aesthetic from the 2010s
Six-Legged Giant Finds Secret Hideaway, Hides For 80 Years
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (March 2012)
Show HN: Streak.com - Do sales, support and bug tracking all inside Gmail
Give it five minutes
About 33 bits
PHP 5.4.0 released
Compromised Linode, thousands of BitCoins stolen
NoSQL Data Modeling Techniques
Notch gives his $3,000,000 Minecraft dividend to his employees
Linode Manager Security Incident
Sad, Tired, and Alone: My Ongoing Battle With Startup Depression
Grace Hopper on nanoseconds
Vortex radio waves could boost wireless capacity “infinitely”
A violently true depiction of what war really is 
StackOverflow
Danish Police Censor Google, Facebook and 8,000 Other Sites by Accident
Aerial robots swarm the stage at TED [video]
Why is nobody using SSL Client Certificates?
Illinois judge: law barring recording police is unconstitutional
What HN users don't mean to be
Why you’ll always think your product is shit
Valve working on 'Steam Box' gaming console with hardware partners
How to contribute to an open source project: look for TODOs in code
Mercedes uses LEDs and a Camera to make "invisible car" for marketing
How Microsoft Pays Big Money To Smear Google In European Parliament
Google’s Web Search Quality. A picture is worth a 1000 words
Torvalds:  More bitwise tricks
Why an MRI costs $1,080 in America and $280 in France
Nobody Wants to Learn How to Program
How I built a Hacker News mobile web app
Hacked: commit to rails master on GitHub
Call yourself a 'brogrammer'? Then get the hell away from me.
"Egor, stop hacking Github"
Did GitHub Suspend Egor Homakov account?
Dude, it's a laptop you want, not an iPad
Facebook uses bgsound to see if you have opened an email
GitHub and Rails: You have let us all down.
How github was hacked
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Square Register
Mari0=Mario + Portal ..Open source game
How Homakov hacked GitHub & the line of code that could have prevented it
Rich Hickey's new project: datomic.com
There is no point to distributing music in 24-bit/192kHz format.
Docracy - Free (community curated) Legal Documents
A single tweet page is 2.0 MB
Learning to Code: The Roadmap I Wish I Had Been Given
Induction: A Polyglot Database Client For Mac OS X 
Sometimes the bug isn't in your code, it's in the CPU
How to Hire a Programmer
Dropping Prices Again-- EC2, RDS, EMR and ElastiCache
Reddit vs Hacker News vs Twitter
Google Play
Font Awesome, the pictographic font designed for use with Twitter Bootstrap
Colleges and Employers Demanding Facebook Passwords
Git Magic
Cursor:none abuse (trick users into clicking Facebook 'like')
Why Are Lawyers So Expensive Even With The Excess Supply Of Lawyers?
$1B of TSA Nude Body Scanners Made Worthless By Blog 
How I helped destroy Star Wars Galaxies
I’m an Engineer, Not a Compiler
SSH Key Audit on Github (required)
Apple releases Ipad 3
A 1-star, unfiltered user review of Yelp
Bsnes has emulated every SNES DSP
Great, Another Bootstrap Site
Why Bootstrap might be very important
Securing Your Domain Against Seizure: Where Is Safe to Register a Domain Name?
Pinterest, We Have a Problem
Viral Video About Body Scanners
Advice From An Old Programmer
OpenStreetMap: Welcome Apple
Learning from 20 years of personal analytics
TSA Threatens Mainstream Media Not To Cover Story
The Evolution of a Python Programmer
Live ships map
New Reddit CEO reporting for duty
Kaspersky: Duqu Trojan uses 'unknown programming language'
A fresh new Dropbox on the web
Linus Torvalds: Programs exist for their users
Leaked: Police Plan to Raid The Pirate Bay
Kara Is Self-Aware
Here is why vim uses the hjkl keys as arrow keys
Paul Graham Keynote at PyCon
Loopt acquired by payment card provider for $43.3m in cash
Middle-aged prodigies: Seven poster children over 40
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial, now with Twitter's Bootstrap
Eight years today
Transfer of Wikipedia sites from GoDaddy complete
Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas
Hidden gems in Mac OS X
An explanation of the CSS animation on Apple's iPhone 4S webpage
Successful people are successful
Never Negotiate Piecemeal. Here’s Why
Is Intelligence Self-Limiting?
French comic-book artist "Moebius" dies
Interactive map of Linux kernel
Pycon 2012 Videos
Why is reading lines from stdin much slower in C++ than Python?
It's not a talent shortage, it's a hiring problem
Paul Graham PyCon 2012 keynote
Time.is
Go to Trial - Crash the Justice System
Khan Academy iPad app launched
PSN automatically "roots" your Facebook, no permission granted.
The Caging of America
Show HN: Flutter - Control Spotify or iTunes Using Gestures thru Webcam
Rabbit holes: Why being smart hurts your productivity
A "real" user proves Windows 8 fails on the desktop
A Dad’s Plea To Developers Of iPad Apps For Children
The freedom to drink coffee
Defining Property
Paypal Does it Again
Posterous acquired by Twitter
Show HN: I decided to document and share my high-level CSS best practices
Paul Graham consistently says ‘um’ ~7 times per minute
Send Them Your Money: A Campaign to Send The RIAA/MPAA Billions
Intro to Social Hacking: How we lowered our cancellation rate by 90%
Our 3d printer is better than yours
Arm unveils 1mm x 1mm 32bit chip: "years of battery life"
Indian Government uses special powers to slash cancer drug price by 97%
Yahoo Crosses The Line
Solar panel made with ion cannon is cheap enough to challenge fossil fuels
Why I Left Google
Play Framework 2.0 Final released
Google I/O 2012
I Hope Yahoo Crushes Facebook 
After 244 Years, Encyclopaedia Britannica Stops the Presses
New: Apply to Y Combinator without an Idea
Django's future, and Python 3  
Why I Am Leaving Goldman Sachs
Man finds his way home using Google Earth - after 25 years
Poll: Do you test your code?
Dear "Landlord"
No, really, pi is wrong: The Tau Manifesto
Arch Linux turns 10
88% there: "Don't Mess With The Internet" billboard in Lamar Smith's district
Peter Norvig to teach 'Design of Computer Programs' at Udacity
The Man Who Broke Atlantic City
Vector based UI design tool that generates ObjC
Where’s _why?
No way I am calling you for a price
Diablo III coming May 15
Kevin Rose Will Join Google
JQuery Scroll Path - Scroll a page along a custom path
Single Page Web Apps with Backbone.js
Militarizing your backyard with Python, Arduino, and computer vision.
How Y Combinator Started
ISPs to start policing copyright by July 12
TED Talks joins Netflix's stable of streaming content
Shutting down a product? Open source it.
The New iPad's Screen Under the Microscope
The Unwelcome Mat - How Not to Attract Tourists
This American Life Retracting "Mr. Daisey & The Apple Factory"
A+ for O'Reilly Customer Service: Keep the books and donate them
What you could do if you were Google and had their databases
Audacity 2.0 Released
EMC Buys Pivotal Labs
The myth of the overnight success
Ingo Molnar on what ails the Linux desktop
An entire Mobile OS built using HTML, CSS and JS - by Mozilla
Handbook of Text manipulation on Unix
Ambient bus arrival monitor from hacked Linksys WRT54GL
Stop writing classes...
Sad but true: Napster '99 still smokes Spotify 2012
Linux Directory Structure (File System Structure) Explained with Examples
A Guide to Python's Magic Methods
The C Conference
Help Reddit build a recommender
Video shot from the Space Shuttle during launch
Megaupload Seizure Order “Null and Void” Says High Court
Writing and Speaking
About those vector icons
Bank of America: Too Crooked to Fail
Have a .com web address? Know the legal risks
Ever heard of "Low orbit server stations"?
Go is amazing, period.
60 Minutes: Elon Musk and SpaceX [video]
Why I Don't Want to Learn Go
Why is the DOS path character "\"?
Apple Announces Plans to Initiate Dividend and Share Repurchase Program
Square open-sources Tesseract: fast filtering for coordinated views
Git project seeks discussion on "push" change
Fluid windows
The one interview question I always ask
Coding Horror - Welcome to the Post PC Era
All of Einstein's writings are now online
I'm burning out and I can't tell anyone
The Starter, the Architect, the Debugger and the Finisher
Functional Programming For The Rest of Us
Make Any Webpage Look Like It Was Made By A 13 Year-Old In 1996
Aziz Ansari releases DRM-free standup special for $5
From YC Rejection to 10,000 Users in 1 Month (with stats)
Mailcheck.js - How we decreased sign up confirmation email bounces by 50%
Open-plan offices must die
Bootstrap-wysihtml5: a simple, beautiful wysiwyg editor
Step by Step UI Design
Linus Torvalds: The King of Geeks (And Dad of 3)
Man Successfully Flies With Custom-Built Bird Wings
How to Apologize
Time Zones
Body Hacking: Thoughts Regarding My Magnet Implant
Inception Explained: a really cool scrolling animation of the plot
"Lighten up"
All of Iceland's public administrations moving towards open source
Looks Like Zynga Just Bought OMGPOP For $200 Million
Rails is just an API
New OpenStreetMap tiles from Stamen: water color, black and white, terrain
You're crap and paid too much for the little work you actually do
What's that?
Apple's domains
To the Pirate Bay: a modest proposal
How To Get Media Coverage For Your Startup: A Complete Guide
Storing 25 petabytes of Megaupload data costs us $9,000 a day
Codename: Svbtle by Dustin Curtis
Tacocopter - Flying Robots Deliver Tacos To You
Show HN: A Way To Hack HN's Karma
Show HN: This up votes itself
Frustro: The Impossible Typeface
Codename: Obtvse
MIT discovers the location of memories: Individual neurons
Facebook: Legal action against employers asking for your password
Django 1.4 final released
Poll: What's Your Favorite Programming Language?
agentzh's Nginx Tutorials
Show HN: KytePhone turns any Android into a kids-friendly phone
Nvidia deeply unhappy with TSMC, claims 22nm essentially worthless
ZeroVM: lightweight containers based on Google Native Client
Why I quit medicine
Show HN: Q&A for HN users
Pair (YC W12) is a Path for the Two of Us
'A Test You Need to Fail': A Teacher's Open Letter to Her 8th Grade Students
Poll: What's Your Most Disliked Programming Language?
Microsoft Censors Pirate Bay Links in Windows Live Messenger
Consistent Hashing
How to explain your game to an asshole
"BitC isn't going to work in its current form"
Show HN: Tired of entering map directions on iPhone? I've streamlined it
Startups, Fix Your "From" Field
XBMC 11 is released
The Best Textbooks on Every Subject
How a language can be faster than C
Legit. Git for humans
James Cameron begins deepest dive
Always a starter, never a finisher.
A profitable, growing, useful, legal, well-loved... failure
Books Programmers Don't Really Read But Recommend
Notepad++ 6.0 Released
"I Won The Windows Phone Challenge, But Lost 'Just Because'"
Redis persistence demystified
Kim Dotcom: The US Government is Wrong, Here’s Why
7 Years Of YouTube Scalability Lessons In 30 Minutes 
The universe is big. This big.
Schneier removed from TSA oversight meeting at TSA request 
Rainbow.js - code syntax highlighting in 1.2kb
Girls and Computers
16-year-old Makes Working Scientific Calculator in Minecraft
Announcing Backlift: Deployment and Hosting for Backbone.js
99Dresses (YC W12) wants to give women an infinite closet
Red Hat becomes the first open source company to amass a billion dollars
10,000 People Sign Petition to Honor Alan Turing by Putting Him on the £10 Note
Turning down Zynga: Why I opted out of the $210M Omgpop buy
There's no speed limit (2009)
Mozilla's BrowserQuest - Massively Multiplayer HTML5 Experiment
How To GitHub: A Complete Guide to Forking, Branching, Squashing and Pulls
The Mac App Store Needs Paid Upgrades
A Pinterest spammer tells all
Woodcut Maps: Handcrafted wood-inlay maps, designed by you
Patents Threaten To Silence A Little Girl, Literally
 Please do not take down the Sality botnet
Agile is a Sham
Jessamyn Smith: Fighting sexist jokes with a Python bot
Go version 1 is released
Wind Map
Shitter: Toilet Paper of Tweets
Building the worst Linux PC ever: 6 hours to boot Ubuntu
Jeff Bezos Finds Apollo 11 Rockets
Kickstarter: rails.app
Batman's Real Story
Paper
DuckDuckGo is blowing up
From MIT, a cure for all viruses?
Poll: What is your current Stack Overflow reputation?
A Woman’s Story
GoldenEye (N64) has a fully-functional ZX Spectrum 48x emulator built into it.
My First Passive Income Project, One Year Later
Prince of Persia creator finds lost source code 23 years later
The Best Birth Control In The World Is For Men
Canada ditches the penny
SOPA is all fun and games until NBC rips off Apple's artwork
Infinite Copyright Is Killing Culture
10 Million hits a day with Wordpress using a $15 server
I am very real
Sqrt(x*x+y*y)+3*cos(sqrt(x*x+y*y))+5 from -20 to 20 
Java 9 with GPU processing, Java 10 will be all-OOP without primitives
Introducing Grunt
How we came back after being shut down in four days
#1 CSRF Is A Vulnerability In All Browsers
Learn to read a binary font by reading a story
5 + (-sqrt(1-x^2-(y-abs(x))^2))*cos(30*((1-x^2-(y-abs(x))^2)))
Confessions of a car salesman
OSX For Hackers
Charlie Stross on Girls Around Me
Google maps 8bit quest mode.  A setup for 4/1 perhaps?
Spooning by bitbucket
All April Fools' Day Jokes on the Web Are Here (so they don't clutter HN)
Paperfold CSS
MIT scientist captures 90,000 hours of video of his son's first words, graphs it
Show HN: A Lisp-based in-browser toy operating system
OMGPOP CEO tweets: "Shay Pierce was the weakest employee on the team"
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (April 2012)
Maps TD - Google Maps-based Tower Defence.
Xkcd's mindboggling April Fools comic
Bootstrapped startup saves over $100K by dropping IE
MMO Asteroids
How to Train Your Brain to Remember Everything
The Photographic Science of Detecting Fake Lottery Tickets
The Future of Python HTTP
Poll: What is your primary operating system
Poll: How long have you been programming?
"Linux switch saved city millions and reduced user complaints"
Poll: Is the number of polls getting out of hand on HN?
Instantly create beautiful GitHub project pages
I hereby resign
Ask HN: Why are a large proportion of legit posts being marked [dead]?
How my comment on TechCrunch got me a Facebook Cease and Desist
Leisure Suit Larry
Love hotels and Unicode
In praise of... text files and protocols
How Not To Sort By Average Rating
Building a Product: One month later, $119.50 in the bank
C.S. Lewis on Writing
Postgres 9.2 will feature linear read scalability up to 64 cores
Notch's next game is an MMO
A turning point for GNU libc
Instagram for Android — Available Now.
Dear Y Combinator, we bet you we can solve a problem of yours in 72 hours.
I'm Sure It Will Only Take You A Few Days To Code
Mozilla: Are We Slim Yet?
Notch's Specification for the In-Game DCPU-16
Throw Out Everything You Know About Ads
The Royal Canadian Mint just announced a new alternative to BitCoin
Google Begins Testing Its Augmented Reality Glasses
Google Announces Project Glass
You Really Should Log Client-Side Errors
Redditors who are rich (net worth $1 million+) - how did you get rich?
Yahoo announces 2,000 job cuts
Just how big are porn sites?
What If Your Emails Never Went to Gmail and Twitter Couldn't See Your Tweets?
Show HN: Clutch.io helps you build iOS apps fast and update them instantly
Flashback trojan reportedly controls half a million Macs and counting
The Beer Game -or- Why Apple Can’t Build iPads in the US
Don’t Be Evil: How Google Screwed a Startup
I don't hire unlucky people
You should be using Google Analytics to log your startup's client-side errors
A behind-the-scenes look at Facebook release engineering
How To Count A Billion Objects Using Only 1.5KB Of Memory [Probabilistically]
Keeping Instagram up with over a million new users in twelve hours
Hotel Wifi JavaScript Injection
Go: Severe memory problems on 32bit Linux
Save the Internet from the US
One hiring filter that works
The Obama administration is still voicing support for SOPA.
Stallman: "Facebook is an international parasitism project."
Speed Hashing
Why Users Don’t Fill Out Sign Up Forms
Google Maps Floor Plans
The Lisp Curse
Side Project: 1 Month, $10,000
Richard Stallman: How I do my Computing
Burnout - How it happened to me
Static analysis of an unknown compression format
When the cops subpoena your Facebook information, here's what FB sends the cops
Notch live coding 0x10c
Facebook Unsocial Reader
Digital Design Principles from the UK Gov
3 Major Publishers Sue Open-Education Textbook Start-Up
Quora’s Demise
Experiment: Living Without A Home Internet Connection
Surf Air: Unlimited Flights for $1k/mo
The Apps are Too Damn Big
Getting Things Done For Hackers
Did everybody see what just happened?  The pendulum has swung. 
Github is making me feel stupid(er)
Exploit Linux Machines Through Fun Challenges
EU wants to criminalize "Hacking Tools"
An Emacs conference
All The Cheat Sheets An Up To Date Web Designer Needs: CSS3, HTML5 and jQuery
YC Facelift: EXEC
Why haven't we cured cancer yet?
Facebook acquires Instagram
Instagram is acquired by Facebook
Jack Tramiel, founder of Commodore, dies at age 83
Mosh: SSH for 2012
Yesod 1.0 - a robust, friendly, high performance web framework for Haskell 
Android: Faster emulator with better hardware support
The Instagram Architecture Facebook Bought for a Cool Billion Dollars
Show HN: We built real MMO Asteroids
PHP: A fractal of bad design
PHP Sucks, But It Doesn't Matter
Instagram is "worth" more than the New York Times
Take Over The Galaxy with GitHub (DCPU16 support)
Zxcvbn: realistic password strength estimation
PHP Sucks But I Like It
Show HN: Meteor, a realtime JavaScript framework
Are People Finally Getting Bored with the Tech-Blog Circle Jerk?
"Tap the spacebar with your phone." - Bump unveils new photo uploader
1366×768px overtakes 1024×768px as the most popular screen resolution worldwide
Google+ gets a redesign
How a computer boots up
Show HN: Our Hackable E-Paper Watch for iPhone and Android
Testing like the TSA
Groupon Kidz Club
9 year old's DIY Cardboard Arcade gets Flash mobbed: Video
This Internet provider pledges to put your privacy first. Always.
When will I ever use math?
Rendering the world
Geocoder.ca sued by Canada Post for their open database of postal codes
Amazon CloudSearch - Start Searching in One Hour for Less Than $100 / Month
500px Terms of Service
Backbone.js Fundamentals
Show HN: Firebase, a scalable real-time backend
A Baseline for Front-End Developers
Try right clicking GitHub's logo 
ZeroBin, opensource Pastebin where the server has zero knowledge of pasted data
The JOBS Act will very nearly legalize fraud in the stock market
Pebble E-Paper Watch Raises $1M In 28 Hours 
Mozilla may make Flash click-to-play by default in future Firefox
A Guided Tour through the Fundamentals of Git
Demonstrating responsive design to clients.  
Don't tell me how to enable JavaScript
Light Table - a new IDE concept
Google BBS Terminal – What Google would have looked like in the 80s
A Year with MongoDB
Facebook supports horrible proposed Internet bill CISPA
Life's too short to write shitty software
Concurrency is not Parallelism (it's better) - A talk by Rob Pike
Fire Me, I Beg You
The Most Dangerous Gamer
Abrash on Valve: How I Got Here, What It's Like, and What I'm Doing
How I lost access to my Google account today
Banned from Kickstarter for Being a Stalking Victim
Awesome jQuery File Upload
Don’t work. Be hated. Love someone. (2008)
How I created and launched a website from the Internet café in Zimbabwe
How To Train Your Robot
CSS3 Scroll Effects
Phrack Issue #68
Atari Sketches of Laptops and Wikipedia from 1982
Crockford on Bootstrap's semicolon omission: “insanely stupid code”
Email is not broken: It’s a framework, not an application
UK moves to restrict Internet freedom
Farbrausch (demoscene group) releases their tools and engine
"The infernal semicolon" by Brendan Eich
A great list of command-line tips
Ice
No I won't sign your NDA, here's why.
Unemployed game designer creates mind-blowing solar system explorer app
Kickstarter Is Totally Disrupting Consumer Electronics, Probably By Mistake
Light Table's Numbers, And What's Happening Next
From idea to replacing full-time salary in 4 months
Getting around the London 2012 branding police
What it takes to build great machine learning products 
Tupac image performs at Coachella [video]
Why it's OK to leave a tech job at 5 p.m.
Google Drive detailed: 5 GB of free space, launching next week
I have 404,772 users. Now what?
Prince of Persia source code released (Apple II assembly)
IKamasutra: Apple Hates Brunettes
A High Frequency Trader's Apologia, Part 1
Going With the Flow: Google’s Secret Switch to the Next Wave of Networking
Twitter Introduces Innovators Patent Agreement
Semicolon: A language of semicolons
Light Table is on Kickstarter
The 501 Developer Manifesto
Pocket Released (Formerly Read It Later)
Pricing in reverse: use a product's price to figure out what you need to build
Make Your Email Hacker Proof
Man flies 737 from his garage
Rejected By VCs, Pebble Watch Raises $3.8M on Kickstarter
Sergey Brin's Clarification on Guardian article
I Guess I'm Not A 501 Developer
The SpaceX cost record - By Elon Musk
Fake S3 – Save time, money, and develop offline
Company backed by James Cameron & Google founders may mine asteroids
Time To Get Past Facebook And Invent A New Future
Stripe Gallery
Free beautiful UI elements for developers
AWS Marketplace
Digramly - build diagrams online with great ease for free
Linus Torvalds winner of the 2012 Millennium Technology Prize
The War On RSS 
HBO Decides It Still Isn't Difficult Enough To Watch HBO Shows
Redesign: Users: Thrilled. Conversion Rates: Up. Sales: Unchanged. 
I Learned to Speak Four Languages in a Few Years: Here’s How
Show HN: Filepicker.io - dead simple file uploads
Amazing optical illusion or "glitch in the Matrix"?
The origins of the blink HTML element
"If you want to order it, use 'view source' to find the commented-out link."
FBI seizes riseup.net server
An actual PHP hammer with the claw on both sides
Pacman running on DCPU-16
Cook something or get out of the kitchen
NameCheap Overtakes Go Daddy In Google
IBM creates breathing, high-density, light-weight lithium-air battery
Linus talks about Apple laptops, Linux distributions, his work
Polygonal Map Generation For Games
HN Podcast #1: Kickstarter, Raspberry Pi, And Instagram
Megaupload Trial May Never Happen, Judge Says
Hacker News Redesign
Meteor is now MIT licensed
Valve Employee Handbook
This Is 2016 Not 2012
The Top of My Todo List
The Geeks Who Saved Prince of Persia’s Source Code From Digital Death
Solving FizzBuzz with C++ compiler error messages
Let’s Build a Future Without Cars
How to cope with the Gmail redesign
The ugly side of Kickstarter
LightTable detailed critique: Concept vs Reality
This Homemade Headphone Amplifier is a Work of Art
Feynman: I am burned out and I'll never accomplish anything
Technical = Coder. Non-Technical = Non-Coder.
On concepts and realities
Frustration, Disappointment And Apathy: My Years At Microsoft
Time for a return of the Cypherpunks, Crypto-Anarchists & Techno-Libertarians?
Instagram
The Average Font
Learning VIM while playing a game
The Underpants Project
Something is deeply broken in OS X memory management
Python Deployment Anti-Patterns
Modern Web Development - in-depth guide to web development tools
How to read Korean in 15 minutes
Amazon Supply
I have no idea what I'm doing
One-line Tree In Python
Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled
We work a 4-day week and just raised $4.75m
"That's Why You Don't Have Any Friends."
Pwning a Spammer's Keylogger 
Yelp, You Cost Me $2000 by Suppressing Genuine Reviews. Here’s How You Fix It
Introducing Google Drive... yes, really
Google Drive
Cubism.js: time series visualization
Firefox 12 released
Hasbro offers free merchandise to blogger, sends lawyers instead.
Introducing T: A command-line power tool for Twitter
Valve is developing Steam for Linux, says Michael Larabel of Phoronix
Descriptive Camera: A camera that prints a description, not an image
Is Psychology About to Come Undone?
Apollo program source code
How the medical supply industry blocks device startups from selling to hospitals
How I attacked myself using Google and I ramped up a $1000 bandwidth bill
How I Collect Passwords 
True 8-bit Color Cycling with HTML5
Introducing the New GitHub Graphs
Andreessen Horowitz to give half their earnings to charity
If We Told You That, We Would Have to Shoot You
Ubuntu Releases 12.04 LTS Precise Pangolin
How I Tricked Myself Into Being Awesome
Google Drive vs. Dropbox Terms of Service
A High Frequency Trader's Apology, Pt 2
"Gangbang Interviews" and "Bikini Shots": Silicon Valley’s Brogrammer Problem
Classic maths books reset with LaTeX on Project Gutenberg
Introducing Pinry, a self-hostable Pinterest.
Functional Programming in C++
The House passes CISPA with a vote of 248 to 168
Show HN: iPG - YC Interview Simulator
GMail: designer arrogance and the cult of minimalism
A $20 Trillion Rock That Could Turn a Startup Into Earth’s Richest Company
Zerg Rush Google Easter Egg
An employee, whose last name is Null, kills our employee lookup app
Incredibox - Background music for programming. 
European server provider Hetzner now offers a 64GB RAM box for 109€/mon
List of those who voted for and against CISPA
At 92, Movie Bootlegger Is Soldiers’ Hero
Rails 4 will establish a new background job queueing API
Your Bash Prompt Needs This
Cargo Cults and Interview Questions
Skype IP Lookup
Name: Illegitimate
Django is now (officially) on GitHub
Big Data's Big Problem: Little Talent
Steve Wozniak: Windows Phone is more beautiful and intuitive than Android
How Apple Sidesteps Billions in Taxes
Tiny, cheap, and dangerous: Inside a (fake) iPhone charger
IBM 1959 Job Post
The Dawn of Haiku OS
Show HN: Beatbar - Media player that beats in the browser address bar
My Prime Factorization Sweater
DNS tools for developers
How Geniuses Think
The UTF-8-Everywhere Manifesto
Cube: 3D home printer starts shipping in days
Python Programming in your Browser: PythonAnywhere
How Billionaire Asteroid Miners Make Money -- Without Mining Asteroids
Startups Are Bands for Hackers
Show HN: Open-sourcing my CV template [Helvetica, XeTeX, TikZ & Biblatex]
High Court: The Pirate Bay must be blocked by UK ISPs
Ctrl-P for Vim: Pure Vimscript Command-T
Show HN: Imagine a search engine that removed top million sites from its index
Secure Shell chrome (killer) app
Why Use Postgres
Hacking the iPod: How I Earned $65K in High School
Getting Beaten by a Voting Bot in 50 Minutes
Linus Torvalds on new Chromebook Aura UI
What time is it? 
Why Instagram is so fast at uploading photos
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (May 2012)
Carmack on why transatlantic ping is faster than pushing a pixel to the screen
Google open sources key piece of Street View technology
Introducing DuckDuckHack
Android Ported to C#
Everything I wish someone had told me (about freelancing)
Probabilistic Data Structures For Web Analytics And Data Mining
Going from $0 to $500k in 1 Year with no VC Money
Apple rejecting applications which use Dropbox
The Cab Ride I'll Never Forget
Google is making a huge and annoying mistake
MIT and Harvard announce edX 
Microsoft sends GitHub DMCA shutdown for Skype open source project
What every programmer should know about memory, Part 1
Best Practices Exist For A Reason
Weebly CEO David Rusenko: It’s Time to Take Us Seriously
The guy who made it so difficult to open your bag of potato chips 
What makes one appear smarter and more sociable? 
Inbox.py: SMTP for Humans
I'm Giving Up Reading for a Year
Want good programmers? Then pay them.
Judge: An IP-Address Doesn’t Identify a Person (or BitTorrent Pirate)
A Relevant Tale: How Google Killed Inktomi
RubyMotion - Ruby for iOS
Yahoo CEO might have lied about having CS degree
Python Application Deployment with Native Packages
SlideShare acquired by LinkedIn
How text editing on the iPad should be
Getting the closest string match
Machine Learning in Python Has Never Been Easier
Learn to read a sentence of Chinese in 3 minutes
Overpriced Developer Conferences
Vert.x – JVM Polyglot Alternative to Node.js
Feds Seized Hip-Hop Site for a Year, Waiting for Proof of Infringement
FBI pushing for surveillance backdoors on websites
Roger Penrose Says Physics Is Wrong, From String Theory to Quantum Mechanics
Day Against DRM
DRM-Free Day, forever.
Inverse Fizzbuzz
IOS app success is a lottery: 60% (or more) of developers don't break even
The new Git-scm.com
The Samsung Galaxy S III: The First Smartphone Designed Entirely By Lawyers
Write hybrid CPU/GPU programs in Haskell
Understanding database normalisation: a very short tutorial
Indian drug company slashes crucial medicine prices by 76%
Perspective: All of Earth's Water in a Single Sphere
Linux's awesome and underused traffic control facilities
Who Killed Men's Hats? Think Of A Three Letter Word Beginning With 'I'
How not to ask questions at a conference
I only know PHP. How do I write a Web application in Python?
Show HN: My first web app - Resumonk - A beautifully simple resume builder
Is Google Burying Firefox With User Agent Strings?
Video Stabilization on YouTube
Apple security blunder exposes Lion login passwords in clear text
The frequent fliers who flew too much
A good developer has a natural, almost visceral aversion to complexity
Ask HN: My wife needs something to do from home to make money...
Timeline of the far future
3x faster linux boot with e4rat
Touché by Disney Research brings touch control to everyday things
Why do web sites and software take so long to build? And why is it so hard?
This Is All Your App Is: A Collection Of Tiny Details
Gmvault: gmail backup. Liberate your emails
I appeared on CNN this morning to talk about why I'm not buying Facebook (CISPA)
Jury rules Google violated copyright law, Google moves for mistrial
Oracle/Google jury finds Google infringed SSO but hangs on fair use
Dell Announces A Linux Laptop Designed For Developers
Google gets license to test drive autonomous cars on Nevada roads
Behind the scenes at Adioso - Part 1: Reality Check
Firefox finally plugs the leak
A set of top Computer Science blogs
Rich Hickey: Reducers - A Library and Model for Collection Processing
Dwolla is going to eliminate ACH
Swiftype (YC W12) Builds Site Search That Doesn’t Suck
Move over Zuck, Abraham Lincoln filed a patent for Facebook in 1845
Hey Paydirt: Your Site Works Just Fine In IE
55,000 Twitter passwords leaked
ABC takes 5% equity or 2% royalty from all companies that appear on Shark Tank
Show HN: my Mac app just got fireballed
Netherlands first country in Europe with net neutrality
CSS arrow please
Germany's Leading Technical University Cancels All Elsevier Subscriptions
HTML9 Responsive Boilerstrap JS
Say hello to Octicons
JQuery knobs
Show HN: Simperium, a realtime data layer
Old People Icons That Don't Make Sense Anymore
Pixel-fitting – how antialiasing can ruin your logos and icons
Recursive Drawing
Mozilla: Microsoft bans Firefox on ARM-based Windows
"Adobe has released Adobe Photoshop CS6, which addresses these vulnerabilities"
Why should I have written ZeroMQ in C, not C++
Why I'm thrilled Mark Zuckerberg is annoying the bankers
NCombinator
I'm a former Miso engineer and the founders screwed me out of 10k 
No, I won't be your technical co-founder
Big Data University: Free Database And Hadoop Courses
When half a million Americans died and nobody noticed
Goodbye, CouchDB
Richard Stallman Collapses At Barcelona Conference
Miso pays disputed $10k referral bonus to ex-engineer, apologizes
Infinite complexity in 4096 bytes
My Doctor's Office Asked me to Lie
IAmA a malware coder and botnet operator, AMA
Linus Torvalds won't do github pull requests
Apple to drop Google Maps in iOS 6 for in-house Maps?
Show HN: A directory of single-page sites and useful apps
It's OK for Apple to block Firefox, but wrong when Microsoft does it
Life Below 600 Pixels
State paid $22K each for Internet routers
Men In Tech
Louis CK does it again - 2 audio shows without DRM at $5 each
Dutch Judge Who Ordered Pirate Bay Links Censored Has Conflict of Interest
Dear StackExchange: Thank You
Dress code: blue tie and male
Google Shares Experience of Using Ubuntu in their Offices
Light Table reaches funding goal of $200k
FreeBSD 10 to use Clang, GCC will be deprecated
*JS : Low-Level JavaScript
German Police Used Only 85 Bullets Against People in 2011
The 144 Million Dollar Button
Ask HN: losing faith in the startup where I'm employee #1
30 minutes a day
What's That Programming Language?
GitLaw: GitHub for Laws and Legal Documents - a Tourniquet for American Liberty
Ivy League school janitor graduates with honors
ZTE Backdoor
How To Scale a Development Team
The Coming Meltdown in College Education & Why The Economy Won’t Get Better Soon
Welcome To Life
VLC has been downloaded over a billion times
We got a takedown notice from LifeShield for our positive review
Why we moved from NodeJS to Ruby on Rails
Turn anything into a videogame controller, even a banana
Plagiarism
How Pixar Almost Lost Toy Story 2 To A Bad Backup
Wozniak calls for open Apple
Perian is shutting down
Please don't learn to code
OpenShift by Red Hat
My Raspberry Pi Thinks It's a Mainframe
Please Learn to Code
On Atwood's Please Don't Learn to Code
Please Don't Become Anything, Especially Not A Programmer
GM Says Facebook Ads Don't Work, Pulls $10 Million Account
WTFWG
Wil Wheaton: Yo Hollywood, Let Me Download Ubuntu
Steve Ballmer's Microsoft
The First Time I Used Programming At Work
Judge Alsup learns to code and schools Oracle
The Bastards Book of Ruby
Google's Code Editor
Please learn to write
Things not Strings -- Google launches Knowledge Graph
Pretty RFC
The 10k Bootstrap Challenge
Flotr2 : a library for drawing HTML5 charts and graphs
Smart people don't think others are stupid
Paralyzed Woman Controls Robotic Arm With Her Mind
Vimeo, DailyMotion, Pastebin, Xmarks & Major Torrent Sites Blocked in India
The Inequality Speech That TED Won't Show You
50 Years Ago: The World in 1962 
All the oxygen trapped in a bubble
TED and inequality: The real story
The Facebook Offering: How It Compares
CSS Hat translates Photoshop layer styles to CSS3
How to be a Programmer: A Short, Comprehensive, and Personal Summary
Accuracy takes power: one man’s 3GHz quest to build a perfect SNES emulator
It Takes 6 Days to Change 1 Line of Code
Why Quit?  Because the other company has bigger monitors.
NASDAQ:FB
SpaceX headed to the ISS tomorrow
Light Table is in YCS12
Avoiding Depression While Not Running a $1B Company
Objectivist C
Gödel and the limits of logic
'The Golden Age of Silicon Valley Is Over, and We're Dancing on its Grave'
Recording police with your smartphone is a Constitutional right, says DoJ
The story of the ‘secret’ room at Pixar, frequented by Steve Jobs
The default state of a startup is failure
We Who Value Simplicity Have Built Incomprehensible Machines
High-dimensional spheres are "spikey"
Nikola Tesla Wasn't God And Thomas Edison Wasn't The Devil
Apple iPhone charger teardown: quality in an tiny expensive package
Morgan Stanley bought 63M Facebook shares ($2.3B) to create a floor around $38
SpaceX ISS launch webcast starts at 4:15 am EDT
Show HN: My first web app, DailyDo.it
Ask HN: Favorite HN threads of all time
A few things to remember while coding in Python
Mark Zuckerberg married
Didn't see this coming: The Goldman Sachs Github Account
The world's first HTML5 SIP client
Show HN: My 1-year project, iPad IDE with GitHub and Heroku integration
Show HN: Habit List - my first iOS app
I’m tired of the opportunists and their hackathons
Satellite killed by trajectory patent
Being deaf
WYSIHTML5: A better approach to rich text editing
Petition Obama adminstration to require free access to publicly funded research
Leap: A new gesture based interface for devices
I put my family business on Facebook. Here’s what happened.
FB down 8% at opening
Dan Benjamin: Regarding The Talk Show
GitHub for Windows
Coda 2
Why Facebook is killing Silicon Valley
GTar: The First Guitar That Anybody Can Play
Nmap 6 released after three years of work
Why airplane bathrooms have ashtrays
SpaceX Falcon 9/Dragon Launch Webcast (starts at 12:00am PDT)
Man, stranded in the desert, makes a motorcycle from his broken car
Facebook Bankers Secretly Cut FB Revenue Estimates In Middle Of IPO Roadshow
WebGL: 80,000 particles
The future is specific
Nine-year-old’s lunch blog shames school into making changes 
Google: We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility
A Tale of Two Pwnies (Part 1)
MIT’s Non-Stick Coating Keeps Ketchup Flowing
Getting Real book is now free PDF
Google's HTML5 synthesizer for Moog's 78th birthday
Now That's What I Call Social Proof
Confessions of a recovering lifehacker
Mark Zuckerberg sells 30.2 million shares of $FB common stock at $37.58
The only way to get hold of a human at Google
Verdict for Google in Oracle's patent infringement case
Is it true that you can't tweet "Get Better."?
Maddox on Link-Baiting Aggregation Sites
Linus Torvalds on the Google vs Oracle verdict
Judge.me - A Private Small Claims Internet Court
Show HN: I made $8000 in one day on the Mac App Store
After Facebook fails
So you are making good money, now STFU
Hello Downloader
Meet the tireless entrepreneur who squatted at AOL
Most popular browser missing (Chrome)...
How Tim Cook is changing Apple
API Design - Matt Gemmell
Python for Data Analysis (new O'Reilly book from creator of Pandas)
Github: United States Code
Live: SpaceX Dragon docking with ISS
Retailer uses 3D QR codes and the Sun to time limit discounts
Space Station grabs SpaceX Dragon ship
I sued a telemarketer and got $4,000
Virtualenv to be part of Python 3.3
Rick Santorum's Fake Donation Meter
The Art of Computer Typography
Bing shows results that MS asked Google to take down
Reddit founder aims to build bat signal for the Internet 
So You Want to be a Programmer
MIT Builds A Needle-Free Drug Injector
The Shapes of CSS
Govt of India proposes to ban SSH (Or wants you to use 40 bit keys)
Apple And Microsoft Behind Patent Troll Armed With Thousands Of Nortel Patents
Getty's New Watermark
Germany sets new solar-power record
Meth Labs and Dead Dogs: How the Founder of McAfee Antivirus Went on the Run
Don't use Scatterplots
Learn R two minutes at a time
The Real War 1939-1945, by Paul Fussell (1989)
Eve Online spaceship viewer uses WebGL
The "bat signal" for the Internet
Elon Musk's determination
Stop Taking Yourself So Seriously
The THX Sound
Backdoor found in a China-made US military chip 
How to Read Mathematics
The Software Developer’s Guide to Fitness & Morning Productivity
The Art Of The iOS Icon
Buying Adobe Photoshop CS6
It's 2012, HTML5 is awesome, and I'm surfing a PDF
Self-driving Volvos cover 200km of busy Spanish motorway
Massive cyber-attack discovered, researchers say
Apple rejected Flattr… and it’s not the end
China publishes a human rights record of the USA
Redactor - javascript (jQuery) WYSIWYG editor
Gunshot detection system transforms and raises issues 
Elon Musk entrepreneurship lecture.
Why cheap customers cost more
Bogus story: no Chinese backdoor in military chip
Which hashing algorithm is best for uniqueness and speed?
This Is the Gyro-Stabilized, Two-Wheeled Future of Transportation
Hunting Down My Son's Killer
Clippy.JS - Add Clippy and friends to any website
Why I Use Perl: Reliability
20 lines of code that beat A/B testing every time
Screw the power users
Stripe open-sources Einhorn
CryEngine 3 soft-body physics simulator
The Design of LLVM
Google employee explains how they use sitemaps and how we can benefit from them
Dutch parliament rejects ACTA, prohibits government to sign or ratify.
Seriously? Ads?
F1 - The Fault-Tolerant Distributed RDBMS Supporting Google's Ad Business
Parse launches JavaScript SDK: Parse for Websites
The futures of Facebook and Google are embedded in these two images
Your infographic isn't an infographic. It's just a crappy graphic.
How To Do A Startup On The Side And Not Lose Your Family
Chromebox
Megaupload Demands Return of Millions of Dollars From U.S. Govt.
Latency numbers every programmer should know
Let's Not Call It "Computer Science" If We Really Mean "Computer Programming"
The girl with the ANSI tattoo
Dragon has successfully achieved splashdown
Humble Indie Bundle 5: pay what you want for video games
Oracle v. Google - Judge Alsup Rules APIs Not Protected By Copyright
Google Blockly - a visual programming language
My GF learned to code in 3 months. This is what she came up with.
Things I Should Have Known at 20
Obama Order Sped Up Wave of Cyberattacks Against Iran
US and Israel created Stuxnet, lost control of it
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (June 2012)
I Up Vote Every 'Show HN' Post and You Should Too
Show HN: I love weird socks and I'm finally launching my lifestyle business
Show HN: movies.io — torrent search like it should be
A VC-funded startup called WhosHere is trying to steal my social network
SQL Injection Vulnerability in Rails
Your Startup Needs a Dashboard
A room so quiet, no one can spend more than 45 minutes in it
Nookd
New Garbage Collector
Barack Obama Directs All Federal Agencies to Have an API
What Guide Books Tell Foreign Visitors to the U.S.
WhosHere's response to Brian Hamachek/Who's Near Me
Gmaps.js the easiest way to use Google Maps
Why three prongs?
A Boggling Return to C
Well-Kept Gardens Die By Pacifism
Valve hired their first wave of Linux developers, hiring more
Prostate cancer drug so effective trial stopped
Folly - The Faceboook open source library
JQuery Transit - CSS3 animations for jQuery
I was the worst coder in the room...
Judge Alsup knows how to play a bluff
Why Multi-armed Bandit algorithms are superior to A/B testing (with Math)
Oh, the Places You'll Go
Password Rules
A Quiz About Integers in C
Eulerian Video Magnification for Revealing Subtle Changes in the World
Heroku Isn't for Idiots: developer time and comparative advantage
Every Black Hole Contains a New Universe
/dev/zero has infinite electrons and /dev/null has an infinite appetite for them
What programming languages were used by the Soviet Union's space program?
The DOD had two "better-than-Hubble" space telescopes just sitting around.
Michael Lewis: Don't Eat Fortune's Cookie
Google buys Meebo
Long range WiFi antenna from Illy coffee can 
The Microsoft Update mechanism has been used to spread malware
Valve Says "Yes" To Steam Linux This Year
The Critical Security Flaws that Resulted in Last Friday's Hack
Mathics - A free, light-weight alternative to Mathematica with support for Sage
Paul Graham's Letter to YC Companies
Google Street View: A wolf in sheep’s clothing
Fred Wilson's response to "Paul Graham's Letter to YC Companies"
Kids should be building rockets and robots, not taking standardized tests
Salt, We Misjudged You
On{X}: The Coolest Thing to Happen to Android. Courtesy of… Microsoft Israel?
The Tesla Gun
Gmail security warnings for suspected state-sponsored attacks
Loading half a billion rows into MySQL
Buttons that morph out of the surface of the device.
Take my money, HBO
Fish: Finally, a command line shell for the 90s
6.5 Million LinkedIn Password Hashes Leaked
R.I.P. Ray Bradbury, Author of Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles 
Make Better Select Boxes with Chosen
Hacking an ATM
John Carmack is making a virtual reality headset
LeakedIn
Storing Passwords Securely
Why Django Sucks
Select2 - A better way to make select boxes (with jQuery)
Testing 3 million hyperlinks, lessons learned
5 Million Farmers Sue Monsanto for $7.7 Billion
SPDY Review by Opera Software
Dear Heroku: Quit blaming all of us when you fail. Do this instead…
Pin is Australia’s first all-in-one payment API
Encrypted Chat Developer Detained, Interrogated at US Border
Jetpants: a MySQL toolkit for managing billions of rows and hundreds of DBs
Designing GitHub for Windows
Crypto breakthrough shows Flame was designed by world-class scientists
Braid, Super Meat Boy, and Lone Survivor Added to Humble Indie Bundle V
The $4 Million Complaint Call
Xip.io - a magic domain name that provides wildcard DNS for any IP address
Hang Around with People who Get Shit Done
Famous judge spikes Apple-Google case, calls patent system “dysfunctional”
In Math You Have to Remember, In Other Subjects You Can Think About It
Flame Malware Makers Send 'Suicide' Code
Camera+ turned down acquisition offers and says no to VC money
Show HN: Script Excel with Python
Gorgeous Unreal Engine 4 brings direct programming, indirect lighting
Long Exposure Photographs Shot from Orbit
The Rules of Storytelling According to Pixar
Magenta - "It is fully binary compatible with iPhone OS 5.0"
Doom 3 Source code review
Neal Stephenson wants to revolutionize sword fighting video games
Visas for entrepreneurs
Vim: Buffers, Windows, and Tabs
My experiences at a woman's programming workshop
Ask HN: who started something in 2012 which is already profitable?
Why you should never use hash functions for message authentication
Taxi Medallions: New York's taxi system makes fares higher and drivers poorer
GNU Emacs 24.1 released
Lessons learned from cracking 2 million LinkedIn passwords
The Macroeconomics of Chinese kleptocracy
Anonymous Austria leaks 2.8 GB Scientology Emails 
How to overcome resistance to work 
Try Haxe 
I am a developer, yet I outsource the development of my startup
Little Big Details
Betteridge's Law of Headlines
Learn C The Hard Way by Zed Shaw
Eric Raymond: Why I think RMS is a fanatic, and why that matters
PointerPointer: points to your cursor
How I manage 40 people remotely
MacBook Pro gets Retina Display; MacBook Air updated with Ivy Bridge
Chromium Blog: A Tale Of Two Pwnies (Part 2)
Mac Pro gets half-assed “update”
Amazon Digital Markup: 129,000%
The Oatmeal Fights Legal Threat, Raises $20,000 in an Hour
Introducing Syte, An open sourced personal site that has social integrations
Flame is Lame 
Civ II game a decade old
Newegg refuses to repair defective laptop because user installed Linux
I analyzed the chords to 1300 popular songs for patterns. This is what I found.
Moderators of HN: please stop changing post titles
HTTP Status Code for Legally-restricted Resources
I know someone whose 2-factor phone authentication was hacked... 
Where the Heat and the Thunder Hit Their Shots
My first month freelancing
Why Smart People Are Stupid
The Silencing of Maya
Linus Torvalds: Linux succeed thanks to selfishness and trust
DragonBox: Algebra beats Angry birds
Why Privacy Matters Even if You Have 'Nothing to Hide'
Rockstar condemns Max Payne 3 cheaters to play only against each other
Using unix as your IDE
Newegg: No, We'll Totally Take Returns After You Install Linux
Reddit bans The Atlantic, Businessweek, others in major anti-spam move
Kogan imposes a tax on IE7 shoppers
DRM in the cinema
C vs GO
Hacking and defeating Google's reCAPTCHA with a 99% accuracy
Lawyer attacking The Oatmeal shocked by big mean Internet’s reaction
Skype 4.0 for Linux
June 30th 2012 will be 1 second longer: 23:59:60
How SoundCloud built its new single-page main website using Backbone.js
Voyager 1 this close to leaving solar system
Show HN: Easel, web design in the browser
It all began with a strange email
Yammer agrees to Microsoft's $1 billion acquisition offer
9-Year-Old Who Changed School Lunches Silenced By Politicians
A Skype call in Ethiopia will now get you 15 years in prison
The New MacBook Pro: Unfixable, Unhackable, Untenable
The Oatmeal's lawyer responds to FunnyJunk
How a Mexican Drug Cartel Makes Its Billions
Dropbox' Public/ folders will be phased out soon
Announcing SPDY draft 2 implementation in nginx
How 30 days without social media changed my life
The Slow Web
THN Magazine Stole Our Code and Design
Facebook CTO Bret Taylor Departs (For Start-Ups Unknown)
Tech press misses Google/Amazon name grab
How Depressives Surf the Web
Using a Square Reader with a reel-to-reel
Zero-day Exploit Price List
Actually using Ed
Ask HN: How do you learn to develop exploits?
Sebastian Thrun AMA on reddit
Aalto Talk with Linus Torvalds 
How we gave colors names and it messed with our brains (part II)
How we reduced our cancellation rate by 87.5%
Youtube claims I don't own my own film
Orrick's Legal docs for startups
Ask HN: How to setup a company in U.S. without being there?
How I Store My 1's and 0′s: ZFS + Bargain HP Microserver = Joy
Ghost.py - a webkit web client written in python.
You Are the Exception to the Rule
Show HN: Redis Dashboard
List of Unexplained Sounds
I don't "get" art
You Should Downvote Contrarian Anecdotes
Netflix Quietly Smothers 3rd Party App Ecosystem
Why you need your own company
iOS App Store - Fake Microsoft Word 2012 Approved
Two New YC Partners: Kirsty Nathoo and Carolynn Levy
Because Everyone (Still) Needs a Router
I Can Be Just As Capable. Let Me.
Falsehoods Programmers believe about Time
Microsoft Introduces New "Surface" Tablet
A better git log
Backbone UI
The Great German Energy Experiment 
Have you ever chatted with a hacker within a virus?
The Little C Function From Hell
Leaked Documents Show the U.N.'s Internet Power Grab...
City of Ruins
NSA: It Would Violate Your Privacy to Say if We Spied on You
What They Don't Tell You About Public Speaking
UVA Computer Science professor resigns over incompetence of board
A standing desk for $22
If you were involved in the OpenGL ES specification, you are an idiot
Experiment: Unit testing isn't enough; You need static types, too 
Introducing The New IFTTT
Why go out?
Why Your McD's Burger Doesn't Look Like the One in the Ad
Show HN: Action.io - 0 to Rails in 60 seconds in your browser
Why do business analysts and PMs get higher salaries than programmers?
Why I'm Doing It All Wrong
How Reddit's cofounders built Reddit with an army of fake accounts
Mihai Pătraşcu 1982–2012
Vim clutch
Show HN: The Bastards Book of Photography
I introduced my 5yo and 2yo to startx and xmonad. They’re delighted.
Twitter Completely Down
Exploiting Silicon Valley For Profit (and Maybe Fun)
Download.com wrapping downloads
Woman Who Couldn’t Be Intimidated by Citigroup Wins $31 Million
Why do you think people are poor?
Peity - Little charts for little projects
Show HN: vi in your browser - edit files directly from Dropbox, etc
I Just Gave Up $4000 Per Month to Keep My Freedom of Speech
The Scam Wall Street Learned from the Mafia
We will try to stop fixing bugs in PHP
Building high-level features using large scale unsupervised learning
Bye Bye Craigslist
Ubuntu's Plans To Implement UEFI SecureBoot: No GRUB2
Python Packaging: Hate, hate, hate everywhere
Haskell powered companies 
Alan Turing's 100th Birthday - Mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst, scientist
Interactive visualization of commute times for all US cities
Show HN: A new way to view IAmA's on Reddit
Save Padmapper: Craigslist is wrong to shut them down. An open letter to Craig
Where has all the money in the world gone?
Alan Turing's Suicide in Doubt
Leadership, Strategy and Qt
Judge throws out entire Apple/Motorola case
Google maps cut prices by 88%
Data Mining Exec Pays For Burgers In Cash To Avoid Insurance Company Snooping
Cool hack to take a photo of yourself on every commit
Craigslist, LinkedIn, Netflix, and others don't owe us anything.
Boxopus lets you download torrents to Dropbox anonymously + w/o a Torrent client
Why are Europeans White?
Perspective - 2D/3D puzzle platformer
Dear Microsoft: fsf.org is not a "gambling site" 
Why Your Links Should Never Say “Click Here”
Java 8 Lambdas
I work for The Internet now
Winamp's woes: how the greatest MP3 player undid itself
Cool URIs don't change.
Wikipedia founder steps in to help UK hacker
Apple Quietly Pulls Claims of Virus Immunity
Node.js v0.8.0 [stable] is out
It's Playtime - Light Table Playground released
FuckItJS: Runs your javascript code whether your compiler likes it or not.
Facebook forces all users over to Facebook.com e-mail addresses
The fanless heatsink: Silent, dust-immune, and almost ready for prime time
Introducing Prose: A Content Editor for GitHub
Less is exponentially more
Louis CK selling tickets to latest tour exclusively on his site
We know what you're doing
Brackets: The Open Source Code Editor for the Web
YC S12 company refuses to pay for my design. "Send your claim to our legal team"
EU Commissioner Will Simply Ignore Any Rejection Of ACTA By EU Parliament
Sublime Text 2.0 Released
MySQL is bazillion times faster than MemSQL
NVD3.js: re-usable charts for d3.js
Handsontable - Excel-like table editor in HTML & jQuery
The Recruiter Honeypot
Bridge is a new RPC framework for building modular services
Going Colo
A day in the life of a startup founder
Kid Automates Work, Is Fired, Hired Back, Automates Business
Google I/O 2012
Nexus 7, Made for Google Play
Sergey Brin Demos Google Glass At I/O
A visual Git reference
Valve Releases Source Filmmaker Beta
WakeMate Update
You're not the CEO - You're the Fucking Janitor
There is no retirement
Color wheels are wrong? How color vision actually works
Dotcom search warrants declared illegal
Google Now
Mega-victory: Kim Dotcom search warrants “invalid,” mansion raid “illegal”
Google launches Compute Engine
Goodbye Facebook.
Google Chrome now works on iOS
Chrome for iOS
RIM announces $518 million loss, 5,000 job cuts, delays BB10 to 2013
It's a long life in the small Valley
JQuery 2.0 Drops Support for IE6/7/8; API-Compatible with jQuery 1.9.
Coding Horror: The PHP Singularity
I’m Done Developing for Twitter
PHP Addiction
Coinbase (YC S12) seeks to bring Bitcoin to the masses
My boss decided to add a “person to blame” field to every bug report
Building Your First Profitable Startup
If malware authors ever learn how to spell we're all screwed
Why Files Exist
Apple granted preliminary sales ban of Galaxy Nexus
The Ph.D Grind: A Ph.D Student Memoir
Heroku is down again
AWS is down due to an electrical storm in the US
Introducing ccv, a modern computer vision library
To Elon Musk and the Model S: Congratulations 
Amber Waves of Green
Chrome now the most popular browser
Leap second causing Linux server crashes?
Facebook e-mail mess: Address books altered, e-mail lost
The FFmpeg/Libav situation
#BoycottApple trending on Google plus due to Galaxy Nexus ban
The busy trap
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (July 2012)
Anonymous Publishing is Dead
What Twitter could have been
Flask 0.9 codename Campari released today
Lisp Hackers: Peter Seibel
As crops rot, millions go hungry in India
Interface Design with a Homeless person 
Caching the uncacheable: CloudFlare's Railgun
Mozilla Gains Global Support For a Firefox Mobile OS
Shall We Use Clojure?
Facebook Blames Email Problems On User "Confusion"
MVC is dead, it's time to MOVE on
Windows 8 Pro Upgrade to cost $39.99
DragonBox: Gaming children into learning algebra
Facebook's e-mail debacle: One 'bug' fix, but rollback impossible
Chrome redirecting to blank.html on search
Opensource contributor Bassel Khartabil detained in Syria. Needs help
"Flip", the vertical ship, marks 50 years at sea
Higgs Boson Explained by Cartoon
Apple ignores bug report
Microsoft’s Downfall: Inside the Cannibalistic Culture That Felled a Tech Giant
Louis C.K. sees ticket scalping drop over 96% by selling tickets himself
The Next Microsoft
European Court: Used software licenses may be resold.
Kim Dotcom: Joe Biden Ordered the Megaupload Shutdown
Vulnerabilities in Heroku's Build System
Charles Carreon Drops Bogus Lawsuit Against The Oatmeal Creator
Live CERN Higgs Announcement in 20 Mins 
CERN experiments observe particle consistent with long-sought Higgs boson
PHP is much better than what you think
ACTA killed in EU parliament: 478 votes to 39
The Perfect Compliment
Got 15 minutes and want to learn Git?
Things I like about programming in Go
HTC wins swipe to unlock patent dispute against Apple
Everything you need to know about Machine Learning in 30 minutes or less
Tarsnap outage post-mortem
Stephen Hawking lost $100 bet over Higgs boson discovery
Another Spanking for Apple from Judge Posner
Show HN: Iorad - the tutorial builder
Sqlmap: Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool
ACLU launches phone app to help motorists secretly record police stops
Mousetrap: Keyboard shortcuts in Javascript
Linux Played a Crucial Role in Discovery of 'Higgs boson'
Another year of Clojure
So You Want to Be a Security Expert
Patent troll stalks travel site Hipmunk
The Google Nexus Q Is Baffling
Judge Posner: U.S. patent system out of sync
Machine Learning Video Library - Learning From Data (Abu-Mostafa)
How tiny wasps cope with being smaller than amoebas
Show HN: fontBomb - Stylishly destroy the web
A file that's both an acceptable HTML page and a JPEG (view source on it)
Preparing Yourself for Modern JavaScript Development
If You Don't Prioritize Your Life, Someone Else Will
Being a Software Architect
Illegal Engineering
Introducing BitTorrent Torque
Everybody Hates Firefox Updates
So, That’s It For Thunderbird
The Pal-V flying car
Apple Removes Green Electronics Certification From Products
PHP: The Right Way
Canada’s vanishing tech sector
Drone hijacked by UT hackers with $1,000 spoofer
The rotten heart of finance
Google Announces Global Campaign To Legalize Gay Marriage
Late bloomer, not a loser. (I hope) 
Easy 6502 - Learn the 6502 Assembly Language
A Dust Over India
Three NSA Whistleblowers Back EFF's Lawsuit Over Government Spying Program
Freelancing: A 6-Month Retrospective
MPAA/RIAA lose big as US backs copyright "limitations"
Confession of a Haskell Hacker
A skeptic faces possible charges for debunking Mumbai’s miracle statue
Google Open Sources Collaborative IDE 
Divine intervention: Google's Nexus 7 is a fantastic $200 tablet
What We Should Have Said To PG
Software Inventory by Joel Spolsky
Bringing Craigslist Back
Trello is now half million strong
If you run a contest as a startup, don't be dishonest. JPEGmini scammed me.
Github Raises $100 Million
Coming Home to Vim
Light Table Playground Levels Up
Investing in GitHub
Stripe Raises $20M From General Catalyst, Sequoia, Thiel
DC "Uber Amendment" would force sedans to charge 5x more than taxis
Show HN: Moqups - Vectorial mockups with HTML5 and SVG
Ouya: A New Kind of Video Game Console
What Powers Instagram: Hundreds of Instances, Dozens of Technologies
Re-Designing the classic email client
New Dropbox Pro plans
Penny Arcade Sells Out
Lies, Damn Lies and LIBOR
Lamar Smith trying to quietly revive SOPA
Show HN: Gridspot, 10x cheaper cloud compute using distributed computing
The Cheapest Route to 6 Continents
Interview with Alan Kay
Paid Vacation? That’s Not Cool. You Know What’s Cool? Paid, Paid Vacation.
Entreporn: Learning vs doing vs wasting time
Aaron Winborn: Special Needs Trust
Ouya Breaks Kickstarter Records
Use OSX Finder Quicklook (Spacebar) to preview all plain text files
John Resig: Secrets of the JavaScript Ninja Update
Petition the U.S. Government to Force the TSA to Follow the Law
How Amazon’s ambitious new push for same-day delivery will destroy local retail
Introducing Mozilla Persona, An Identity System for the Web
Some things I've learnt about programming
UK anti-encryption law
Richard Posner: Why There Are Too Many Patents In America
Vim Creep
Betaworks has acquired the core assets of Digg
We (unexpectedly) got 60K users in 60 hours - What we learned
Vim, you complete me
When Art, Apple and the Secret Service Collide: 'People Staring at Computers'
Fullscreen in Mountain Lion still renders second display useless
Scaling lessons learned at Dropbox, part 1
EpicEditor: An Embeddable JavaScript Markdown Editor
HN: Please replace grayarrow.gif with Unicode character ▲
Still running strong after 1,532 days without a code change.
What are the most intellectually stimulating websites you know of?
Show HN: BrainTripping - language model comedy
Logins are Dead, and Mobile Killed Them
Facebook Didn't Kill Digg, Reddit Did
Apple is back on EPEAT
Super-resolution from a single image
Show HN: Collections, a fast multiple-account Google Docs client for Mac
Dalton Caldwell: Announcing an audacious proposal
How not using Internet Explorer put me out of touch and cost me dearly
Why Publishing on the Windows Phone is Like Walking Barefoot On Broken Glass
Kate Middleton’s Wedding Gown Demonstrates Wikipedia’s Woman Problem
The Silent Majority of Experts
Yeoman.io - Quickly build beautiful web applications
Ask HN: Learn Math the Hard Way
Read the masters
Traction mistakes
Joe Armstrong: Why OO Sucks
Intel Core 2 Duo Remote Exec Exploit in JavaScript
Goldman Sachs and the $580 Million Black Hole
Some things beginners might not know about Sublime Text
WikiLeaks wins case against VISA
The Challenge of Making Friends as an Adult
Lying with pictures: Smartphone manufacturer share by OS
The long and sordid history of the user-agent HTTP header field
MineCraftWebGL
An iPad Lover’s Take On The Nexus 7
Here’s why we keep getting hacked – clear and present Billabong failures
Ask HN: I'm desperate to stay in Denmark. Anyone need a great web/ios dev?
Build muscle memory with your favorite editor
RIP Stephen Covey, "7 Habits" author, dies at 79
Google’s Marissa Mayer Tapped as Yahoo’s Chief
Physical assault by McDonald's for wearing Digital Eye Glass
Making Friends Over 30 with Grubwithus
Steam'd Penguins
Varnish author criticizing HTTP/2.0 proposals
12 new universities join Coursera
Microsoft changes skype supernodes architecture to support wiretapping
Twitter crashes itself with commas
The Latest Findings On Intelligence
Prime number patterns
Dear Marissa Mayer...please make Flickr awesome again
Google+ is now larger than LinkedIn
How I converted a software thief into a customer
Show HN: Scoutzie, 444 best mobile designers for hire.
Advice for Marissa Mayer from an ex-Yahoo
Miles Davis – blind listening test
Whistleblower Binney says the NSA has dossiers on nearly every US citizen
GIT is the new FTP
Wikileaks credit card donation is back
HTTPie: A cURL-like tool for humans
A Hole in Mars
Fluid: A UI Prototyping Tool
CSS3 meets AMC's Breaking Bad
Five Men Agree To Stand Directly Under An Exploding Nuclear Bomb
Show HN: gist.io, blogless writing for hackers
Windows Executable Walkthrough Graphic
New High I/O EC2 Instance Type - hi1.4xlarge - 2 TB of SSD-Backed Storage
Watch what you store on SkyDrive–you may lose your Microsoft life
Lightning captured at 7,207 images per second
15-Year-Old Maker Astronomically Improves Pancreatic Cancer Test
EFF, Reddit, Mozilla, others launch Internet Defense League and Cat Signal
Living with HTTPS
Firefox 15 plugs the add-on leaks
Unbreakable crypto: Store a 30-character password in your subconscious memory
Tell, don't ask
Microsoft reports first quarterly loss ever
PostgreSQL Rising
Marissa Mayer Employment Offer Letter
How to hack the beliefs that are holding you back
Sparrow acquired by Google
Lenovo CEO Gives His $3 Million Bonus to 10,000 Employees
Talent Acquisitions
Men Walk On Moon - July 20th 1969
Pareidoloop: Faces generated at random
RethinkDigg.com
In a First, an Entire Organism Is Simulated by Software
Firefox Beta 15 supports the new Opus audio format
New Programming Jargon
Quick Nexus 7 Comments By Linus Torvalds
The real reason we’re upset about Sparrow’s acquisition
The Two Egg Problem
Sparrow for Windows was just a few weeks away
Mojang, makers of Minecraft, sued by patent troll
Entitlement and Acquisition
Linux 3.5 Kernel Released
Fay -- A proper subset of Haskell that compiles to Javascript
On Patents
Is Berlin the new home for tech start-up business?  [video] 
Don’t Jump to Conclusions About the Killer
The Gentleperson's Guide To Forum Spies
The Whiskey Rebellion
The Terrifying Background of the Man Who Ran a CIA Assassination Unit
Expensive lessons in Python performance tuning
Sprite Cow: Generate CSS for sprite sheets
Jack Daniels writes the politest cease and desist notice ever.
Distribution of colors in movie posters between 1914 and 2012
Destined To Fail
Step by step from jQuery to Backbone
Redis Sentinel beta released
How the Norwegians Reacted to Terrorism
HN's Daeken will expose security flaw in 4m hotel room keycard locks
Gittip stats
Marissa Mayer Has a Secret Weapon
Sally Ride, first American woman in space, has died at 61
The Sparrow Problem
Show HN: Markupwand, magically convert your photoshop files to HTML & CSS
Command line tools every web dev needs to know
Show HN: Hacker News Comments
Ask PG: Any chance of an update on "What I've learned from Hacker News"?
Craigslist Suing Padmapper
Iranian nuclear program hacked, made to play AC/DC
Congress Must Act After US Government Admits To Warrantless Wiretapping 
Go at SoundCloud
Even experts get it wrong
The Mystery of 355/113
Show HN: Brandseen - A logo coloring game built in 24h
If You Don’t Think You Need It, You Haven’t Seen Greatness
John Siracusa's OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion Review
The Marco.org Review of John Siracusa’s Review of OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
Meteor Raises $11.2M from Andreessen Horowitz
Those budget 27" IPS displays from Korea are for real
Gabe Newell Wants to Support Linux, Because Windows 8 is a 'Catastrophe'
.mail app
Google Fiber
Open-Source High-quality PDF of SICP
Moving On
What's with this anti-directory structure movement?
OAuth 2.0 and the Road to Hell
Why Do Startups Do This?
The Mac App Store’s future of irrelevance
Being a Developer Makes You Valuable. Learning How to Market Makes You Dangerous
Google Fiber Plans & Pricing
Show HN: Music for Geeks and Nerds
Apparently Yelp has a no-fly list
What I Learned From Increasing My Prices
Get A Job: The Craigslist Experiment
First glider discovered in a cellular automata on an aperiodic tiling
1987 Time Capsule Predictions by Sci-Fi Writers About 2012 
Gnome: Staring into the abyss
How to add a new syntactic feature to PHP
Sal Khan responds to critic 
A Redditor about the problem with today's Silicon Valley startup community
How well does Khan Academy teach?
Why isn't iTunes shuffle random?
A Different Road To Work, Bypassing College Dreams
Dave Winer: An open Twitter-like ecosystem
 Government: we can freeze Mega assets even if case is dismissed
Sir Tim Berners-Lee Stars in Olympic Opening Ceremony 
Interesting new Unix commands/binaries in OS X Mountain Lion
The Disappointing Surprise From Apple
Garzik: An Andre To Remember
iBookstore rejects Holly Lisle's writing course because she mentions Amazon
I built a resume-padder and earned $700 in the process
The Internet Map
OAuth 3.0: the sane and simple way 
Please Don’t Watch NBC Tonight. Or Any Night
~/.osx updated — sensible hacker defaults for OS X Mountain Lion
I'm an American and I want to watch the Olympics. What do I do?
How to watch the Olympics, live, from the United States
Captchas Are Becoming Ridiculous
Discussion of HN at 4chan's /g/
Corner Office: Dennis Crowley
Peter Thiel’s startup class notes in PDF
In Week Two, Marissa Mayer Googifies Yahoo
Show HN: My weekend project using the Soundcloud API
Ubisoft "Uplay" DRM exposed as rootkit
Lessons in website security anti-patterns by Tesco
Lying on your resume
Chaos Monkey released into the wild
Company withdrawing from Facebook as analytics show 80% of ad clicks from bots
Titan, one of Saturn's moons, has an underground ocean
Why Apple's new ads look like Microsoft made them.
Sam Soffes open sources Cheddar for iOS
ASCII Google Streetview
Codecademy now has Python lessons
10-year-old problem in theoretical computer science falls
A global decentralized encrypted datastore with anonymous publishing
The year 2000 illustrated in 1900
Introducing Outlook.com - Modern Email for the Next Billion Mailboxes
How I made $10k in one day with Facebook Ads
Blind man shocks researchers with what he sees.
Let my Wi-Fi go: FCC rules Verizon can't charge for Wi-Fi tethering
Samsung reveals its pre-iPhone concepts: 10 touchscreen devices
New straighforward approach to teaching quantum mechanics
Facebook sinks to record low, 43% below IPO price, as doubts grow
Craigslist now asks for exclusive license when posting
Bruce Schneier: Drawing the wrong lessons from horrific events
The new Digg
Oculus Rift: Step Into the Game
Do you have a secret?
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (August 2012)
Dear Mark Zuckerberg
Don’t Lie On Your Resume, But Lie Like Hell During Your Exit Interview
Instacart (YC S12) wants to be Amazon with 1 hour delivery
Homeland Security Issuing Its Own DMCA Takedowns On YouTube To Stifle Speech
This file's a Win Executable, PDF, Java executable (or Python script), and HTML
Bill would force patent trolls to pay defendants' legal bills
Valve Source Engine Running Faster on Linux than Windows
The No Excuse List: The Best Place On The Web To Learn Anything
Matasano Security acquired for £8.4m ($13m) - Congrats tptacek
Elon Musk of SpaceX: The Goal is Mars
Source Sans Pro: Adobe’s first open source font family
Fasting & Programming
The U.S. Senate has blocked the Cybersecurity Act of 2012.
Microsoft abandon Metro name due to legal challenge
Rob Pike: the origin of dotfiles
Thanks to Quora, now you can’t read anonymously
Why Men Can't Have It All
Google crackdown catches innocent devs in the crossfire
Why Valve? Or, what do we need corporations for..
One of Apple’s Best Ideas Ever — Made Worse
SpaceX wins $440M contract with NASA to develop Space Shuttle successor
MySQL now includes memcached, and a plugin that allows fast NoSQL-style access
Warsow 1.0 Released
Letter to John Carmack
One Bad “Policy Change” Email Can Kill Company Culture
Who 'likes' my Virtual Bagels?
Pie charts in your favicon  
B2B Is Unsexy, and I Know It
Student Is Sanctioned for Creating Class-Registration Web Site
Yes, I was hacked. Hard.
"The carpets are so clean, we don't need janitors"
Trading Program Ran Amok, With No ‘Off’ Switch
GHC's new cutting-edge dataflow-based code generator
In China, the rich and powerful can hire body doubles to do their prison time 
OS X Mountain Lion: Data Loss via 'Save As'
What I Hate About Git
Eugene Kaspersky: What Wired Is Not Telling You
What's all this fuss about Erlang?
Apple Support Allowed Hacker Access to Reporter's iCloud Account
Y Combinator's First Batch: Where Are They Now?
CopBlock.org Founder Faces 21 Years in Prison for Reporting Police Brutality
Principles of UI design
An Unexpected Ass Kicking
NASA TV feed of 10:31 pm PDT Curiosity landing
One Thousand Dollars an Hour
Mars Curiosity's first images
A Man Walks into a Bank
Stripe And A/B Testing Made Me A Small Fortune
Photo shows Mars rover descent
Github: Notifications & Stars
Great work Visa, now I hate you
How the Curiosity Rover's Nuclear Battery Works
How Apple and Amazon Security Flaws Led to My Epic Hacking
This is what Curiosity saw as it landed on Mars
4chan: Beyond one billion
Please turn on two-factor authentication
HN statistics
The weakest link by far is Apple
ToS;DR — TL;DR for Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Google's Autonomous cars complete 300,000 miles without an accident
Wikipedia Redefined
Veteran NYTimes Photographer Arrested & Allegedly Beaten by NYPD
Internet Archive Starts Seeding 1,398,875 Torrents
Germany's laws on github, machine-readable and ready to be forked
Starbucks Chooses Square for Payments
Jack Dorsey: Today Starbucks Signed up for Square
 Responding to Wired's ad hominem hatchet job
Show HN: Burner, for temporary phone numbers
Some performance tweaks
Design Tip: Never Use Black
First full-resolution images of the Martian surface
How Advertisers Convinced Americans They Smelled Bad 
Debian Now Defaults To Xfce Desktop
Grid (YC S12) Reinvents The Spreadsheet For The Tablet Age
Show HN: We Use That. What startups use to get stuff done
Nokia sells Qt to Digia
Coding Horror: I Was a Teenage Hacker
Soviet Venus Images
Textmate2 Goes Open Source
Textmate 2 on Github
Yesterday, I Went to the American Idol for Startups. It Made Me Want to Die.
Mars rover camera project manager explains 2MP camera choice
The effect of typefaces on credibility
Google Keeps Paying Deceased Employees' Families for a Decade
JQuery 1.8 Released
Bitey: Import LLVM bitcode directly into Python
Steve Yegge: Notes from the Mystery Machine Bus
Write any javascript code with just these characters: ()[]{}+
Things I didn’t know about the WebKit inspector
New York Underground
Browserver: a node.js HTTP server, in your browser
Show HN: See Kickstarter successes and failures
Russ Olsen: The Best Programming Advice I Ever Got
You'll never be Chinese
Entrepreneurs Tell The White House To Focus On Innovation, Not IP Enforcement
Mars to Earth at an average of 29 kbits/s
How to crawl a quarter billion webpages in 40 hours
How you eat corn on the cob predicts whether you're an analyst or algebraist
Show HN: Eligible API for 700+ Health Insurance Companies
Creepy Spying System Revealed by Wikileaks, Which Then Gets Hit by DDOS Attack
White House Deletes TSA Petition (just short of 25,000 signatures)
Show HN: A fix for the .bash_profile .bashrc .profile madness
Quake Video Game Industry Legend Paul Steed Has Passed Away
A New Species Discovered ... On Flickr
Pricing Experiments
Obesity and Fitness Are Revolutionized By Reddit, Not Doctors
Leaving Github
Rootbeer GPU Compiler Lets Almost Any Java Code Run On the GPU
Essential C
Why Explore Space? A 1970 Letter to a Nun in Africa.
App.net funded with $500,000.
The Most Important Writing Lesson I Ever Learned
Erlang programmer’s view on Curiosity Rover software
Dalton Caldwell: We Did It
Pixar open sources production animation code, patents
Push, push, push. Expanding your comfort zone
Shit HN Says
Back up your precious files on ordinary paper
Doubling SaaS Revenue By Changing The Pricing Model
How we screwed (almost) the whole Apple community
This is a bit f'd, Quora
Show HN: HackerNews reimagined without tables or center elements.
Tarsnap now takes credit cards (switching from Paypal to Stripe)
Twitter acquires Clutch.io
What My Son's Disabilities Taught Me About 'Having It All'
United Airlines Lost My Friend's 10 Year Old Daughter And Didn't Care
Curiosity rover: Martian solar day 2
Anic - Faster than C, Safer than Java, Simpler than *sh
Thoughts on being a programmer
John Resig: Redefining the Introduction to Computer Science at Khan Academy
Khan Academy: Computer Science
The Mystery of the Encrypted Gauss Payload
Rich Hickey: The Value of Values
Uber Boston Has Been Served
What I Hate About Working At Facebook
Steve Wozniak: Internet should not have gatekeepers or regulators
Single Element MacBook Pro with CSS
The first Django site to run on Python 3
Git-annex assistant: Like DropBox, but with your own cloud
Sexual Harassment at DefCon (and Other Hacker Cons)
Fly to 6 Continents in Style
Germany: Facebook must destroy its facial recognition database
The Making of Warcraft, Part 2
Let's build a Tesla museum (The Oatmeal initiative)
256 CSS Classes Can Override an #id
Mobile app startups are failing like it’s 1999
Rob Pike: The Best Programming Advice I Ever Got.
Ecuador grants Julian Assange asylum
Font that creates charts
Joyent ending "lifetime" hosting accounts
Square introduces monthly pricing
Stop Using The Cup of Coffee vs. $0.99 Cent App Analogy
Twitter sets max user caps for 3rd party clients and limits rates
Twitter to Client Developers: Drop Dead
I Have 50 Dollars
Vim and Vi Tips: Essential Vim and Vi Editor Skills, free on Amazon today only
This is how Visa works
Why I now, unfortunately, hate Hacker News..
Harvard cracks DNA storage, crams 700 terabytes of data into a single gram
A Tor of the Dark Web
Light Table reaches 0.1.0
The Tata AirPod: a car that runs on compressed air w/150-200km range
How We Nearly Lost the Discovery Shuttle
OnLive assets acquired by newly formed company
Blessings: a pythonic answer to curses
A Proposal To Improve Hacker News
Google Sues Apple, Seeks To Block iPhone, iPad & Mac Imports To U.S.
Garry Kasparov Arrested By Russian Police 
Sleepbox
Delegate or die: the self-employed trap
How Instacart (YC S12) Hacked YC
RIP Open Source MySQL
Ben Horowitz: A Good Place to Work
Github just hit 2 million users.
Why time appears to speed up with age
How to write a Linux device driver
Why Waiting Is Torture
Your Words are Wasted
Dear Apple: Please set iMessage free
Show HN: BigVideo.js
Programming Languages Have Social Mores Not Idioms
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Mediocre Entrepreneurs
Be More Productive. Take Time Off.
Things I do to be consistently happy
The Textbook Industry & Greed: My Story
Stranded Jet Skier Breaches Multimillion Dollar Security System At JFK Airport
Why don't they just..?
Tim Berners-Lee's Original Announcement (1991)
A Generation Lost in the Bazaar 
Believe you can change  
Show HN: A date range picker for Twitter Bootstrap
Thanks for your patience about all the (YC S12)
The morning mail is my enemy
The Bozo Event Horizon
Never again be thwarted by restrictive “guest” wifi (e.g. on buses or airplanes)
Bootstrap 2.1 released
How to Get a Job as a Developer in Less Than Six Months
Amazon Glacier
Printers are spontaneously printing odd "SQL" strings
Build Your Own Home Automation w/ Pusher, Twilio, and Arduino
Your startup is not a startup, it’s just a website.
What A Hacker Learns After A Year In Marketing
How I negotiated my startup compensation (with numbers)
Show HN: I mixed selling t-shirts with a little bit of game theory
Tesla Museum Gets Funded
Ghosts in the rom
I'm Not Japanese
Leap
Why Ratings Systems Don't Work
Status Chart: Your Personal Status Dashboard
Introducing Tent - the decentralized social web
Family trees: Tracing the world's ancestor
Show HN: SideProjects.com - 37 Bootstrapped Profitable Projects
'; CREATE TABLE `Capture the Flag`;' -- Stripe's Web Security CTF is Live
Typing Practice for Programmers
Twitter cuts off “find friends” access to Tumblr
Black Widow
Microsoft gets a new logo for the first time since 1987
John Carmack discusses the art and science of software engineering
A Faster Facebook for iOS
Show HN - We just built a site that saves lives
The innovations of Internet Explorer
Fleksy - Awesome new predictive text input method
Under the hood: Rebuilding Facebook for iOS
How Hacker News Completely Changed My Life
Why you should not be displaying relative dates.
The White House just open sourced their first Github repo
Fake Bus Stops For Alzheimer’s patients in Germany (2011)
Windows 8 Tells Microsoft Everything You Install, Not Very Securely.
Customize Twitter Bootstrap To Not Look Bootstrap-y
Evernote Smart Notebook by Moleskine
Backbone has made me a better programmer
Some web development tips from a former Digg developer
A worthy Ultrabook appears: the ThinkPad X1 Carbon reviewed
A Linux dev who helped thousands needs help to fight cancer
Apple Wins Patent Ruling As Jury Finds Samsung Infringes
The Tim Cook memo: line by line
Windows 8 productivity: Who moved my cheese? Oh, there it is.
The fall of Angry Birds
Neil Armstrong has died at 82 Today
Confused by lawsuit, Apple consumers switch to Samsung
Doodle Jump Recreated in HTML5 ...with source
JsPlumb
Jury in Apple v. Samsung Goofed, Damages Reduced; What's Wrong With this Picture
Statement from the Family of Neil A. Armstrong
The App Store Nightmare
TPP treaty (ACTA all over) provisions leaked.
Why it's so hard to find a photo of Neil Armstrong on the moon
Design Tricks Facebook Uses To Affect Your Privacy Decisions
A device with a touchscreen and few buttons *was* obvious
Vanilla JS, fast, lightweight, cross-platform framework!
Best Open Python Books
My Evil Undead Credit Card
The coming civil war over general purpose computing
Dropbox Introduces 2-Factor Authentication 
NASA to use consumer Android smartphones in new satellites
Show HN: Business.txt - Standard Proposal
Move your feet
Look at yourself objectively
Who inherits your iTunes library when you die?
Learning C with gdb
The Hidden Truths about Calories 
Twitter Removes 'Via' Stamp From Web Client
The Worst Argument In The World
Apple's New Pinch-To-Zoom Monopoly is Bad News
A tale of the supreme competence of Neil Armstrong
PG: The Art of Funding a Startup is now free on Amazon
HBO No Go
Firefox 15 available to download, finally fixes add-on memory leak
What Happens to Stolen Bicycles?
What it’s like to work for Stripe
Don’t drink the startup Kool-Aid – just find a problem and try to solve it
How I cracked my neighbor's WiFi password without breaking a sweat
Damn Cool Algorithms: Homomorphic Hashing
Rich Hickey: Deconstructing the Database
Add two-factor authentication to your ssh in 30 seconds
Poor in India Starve as Politicians Steal $14.5 Billion of Food
Walking out of an interview
37signals Earns Millions Each Year. Its CEO’s Model? His Cleaning Lady
What killed the Linux desktop
AMA with Barack Obama
HTML5 Boilerplate v4.0.0
GIMP is Now a Self-Contained Native App for Mac OS X
TechCrunch is a bully 
Lobsters
John Hunter [matplotlib.sourceforge.net] has died.
No Email
Apple Rejects App That Tracks U.S. Drone Strikes
PonyDebugger: Chrome Developer Tools for Native iOS Apps
Robot cars on public roads? California says yes
Wolfram Alpha Personal Analytics for Facebook
Oracle knew about critical Java flaws since April
Amit’s Thoughts on Grids
Why Johnny can't stream: How video copyright went insane
New Firefox Command Line helps you develop faster
 HBO cuts the cord, brings streaming-only service to Europe
Just Scroll
"100% of our production system is now running Go"
The Woman Who Needed to Be Upside-Down
Probabilistic Many-to-Many Relationships (with Bloom Filters)
Show HN: Most Wikipedia articles lead to the same loop
What powers Etsy
It's More Important to Be Kind Than Clever
Flynn’s IQ
Surprise: People hate being forced to use Facebook
Amazon S3 - Cross Origin Resource Sharing Support
Show HN: Mixest, my summer project that crawls the web for new indie music
Tacocopter Basics
Members of Congress Demand Answers for the Unjust Domain Name Seizures
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (September 2012)
Pirate Bay Founder Arrested in Cambodia
Accurate remake of Pac-Man in JavaScript
Kindle edition of Effective Programming by Jeff Atwood (Coding Horror) for $0.00
Understanding Ego Depletion
How to get that native iOS feel with PhoneGap
Live air traffic of the world
Avgrund.js
Show HN: My Github résumé
Show HN: Enterface, a UI design app concept I'm designing
Baking Pi - Operating Systems Development
Samsung flew bloggers to Berlin, then threatened to leave them there
Heading Out on Your Own: 31 Life Skills in 31 Days
Ask HN: How much recurring income do you generate, and from what?
Linus Torvalds, Alan Cox respond to Miguel De Icaza on Linux Desktop woes
Apple Never Invented Anything
Reddit's database has only two tables
Left Alone by Its Owner, Reddit Soars
A 4G LTE base station running entirely in software on a standard PC
Yakuza
Glances - an easy CLI overview of your system (CPU, mem, I/O)
How Copyright Enforcement Robots Killed the Hugo Awards
I did the scariest thing I can imagine: I resigned
Linus Torvalds responds to what killed the Linux desktop
I quit my job, and am building Tindie fulltime
Cable lacing on the Curiosity rover
AntiSec leaks 1,000,001 Apple UDIDs, Device Names/Types
Free Book: An Introduction to Programming in Go
An apology to readers of Test-Driven iOS Development
37signals invests in The Starter League
Why Tarsnap doesn't use Glacier
Tomorrow Theme
What's a $4000 Suit Worth?
Google Search is only 18% Search
2012 Startup School, Oct 20 at Stanford
Neat
Realtime Three.js Coding
Dear ICO, Sue Us
World wide wasteland
How Tesla is Circumventing Dealerships
Pirate Bay Founder Arrest Followed By $59m Swedish Aid Package For Cambodia
How we keep GitHub fast
Introducing the 4chan API
Unix Commands I Abuse Every Day
No app store? No problem: Grooveshark rolls out full HTML5 site for all devices
Faced with a Five-Page Limit, Lawyer Files Cartoon Amicus Brief
Nokia faked the still photos too
Why You Should Start Using a VPN
The Linux Graphics Stack
Good riddance, PayPal
Raspberry Pi moves manufacturing to the UK
Amazon Officially Announces The New Kindle Paperwhite
How Google Builds Its Maps
Stop validating email addresses with your complex regex
Ask PG: If Viaweb hadn't worked out, what would you have likely done next?
Y Combinator Founder Paul Graham Issues New Warning to Start-ups
Rich Hickey: extensible data notation
Chinese company uses leaked photos to copy, patent iPhone 5 design
A proposal for improving HN : it should cost a user Karma to post
Things I, as a designer, wish more tech startups knew
Damn Cool Algorithms: Cardinality Estimation
Twitter is the Benjamin Button of startups.
Show HN: My first Mac app, Foreman, free and on Github. Would love feedback
The 2 Biggest Mistakes I Made When Learning to Code
Dan Weinreb passed away
Tough times on the road to Starcraft
Kevin Rose Interviews Elon Musk
Russia in color, a century ago
A love letter to MIT
The "Wash my Ferrari" Problem: A Meditation on Risk
So I Made A Mashup, And Then…
PayPal CEO writes personal response
4 geeky laws that rule our world
How Dangerous Is Your Couch?
Stackoverflow Is A Difficult Community to Participate In
Tray.io - powerful email assistant
Ask HN: How did you hack the press when you launched your startup(s)?
Rick Falkvinge: Why free speech is harmed by the ban on child porn
Stanford announces 16 free online courses for fall quarter
Show HN: MemStash - Commit things to memory
Tell HN: Login to unsubscribe is against Federal Law
Arch Linux Handbook for Kindle rejected by Amazon
DIY quest for a 6 watt high-end desktop computer
The Tiniest GIF Ever
Black Swan Farming
Lessons for uncultured web developers
Revel, high-productivity Go web framework modeled on Play Framework
PostgreSQL 9.2 released
Show HN: We got tired of asking 'What browser are you using?' and created this
I feel I am building a new Google Wave
HP introduces new Apple iMac
GoDaddy's DNS Service is Down
How I Learned to Defrag My Brain
The real source of Apple device IDs leaked by Anonymous last week
Obama Admin Pursuing Executive Order to Enact CISPA-Like Cybersecurity Language 
Skeuomorphism
Proof Claimed for Deep Connection between Prime Numbers
The XX shared their new album with only 1 fan to see how it goes viral.
Dear Programmer, I have an idea
Blizzard is secretly watermarking WOW screenshots
The World's Lightest Electric Vehicle
Boosted Boards (YC S12) Unveils Its Magical Electric Skateboard
Mark Zuckerberg: Our Biggest Mistake Was Was Betting Too Much On HTML5
Amazon's Play
Depression lies
RIP Vile Rat, EVE Online Diplomat, IRL State Dept Rep Killed In Benghazi
Ask PG: What Is The Most Frighteningly Ambitious Idea You Have Been Pitched On?
Journalist goes undercover making the iPhone 5 at Foxconn
Full quote of what Mark Zuckerberg actually said about HTML5
Google disables compression for OpenSSL in Chrome - SSL exploit coming?
Applications Open for Winter 2013 YC Funding
iPhone 5
Why I'm done with Scrum
Zynga: forget games, let’s just do viruses
Xiki: A shell console with GUI features.
Understanding C by learning assembly
Ancient flower lives only on two Spanish cliffs, and uses ants to survive
There is something magical about Firefox OS
Give people an iPhone 4S, tell them it's an iPhone 5
Google's "Bacon number" search
Steve Wozniak on Samsung patent verdict: ‘I hate it and I don’t agree with it’
Dropbox dives into CoffeeScript
Nootropics – The Facts About “Smart Drugs”
Why critics of Rails have it all wrong (and Ruby's bright multicore future)
OSX password script for everyone to know
Anonymous Donor Pays for College of Every Student in Kalamazoo
Ideas
Am I An Outlier, Or Are Apple Products No Longer Easy To Use?
Gallery of free HTML snippets for Twitter Bootstrap
Pdf.js: PDF Reader in JavaScript 
Realtime Web Messaging over Animated Gifs
WhatsApp is broken, really broken
Room Temperature Superconductivity Found in Graphite Grains
The UK has an entire IPv4 /8 that it isn't using
We Need a Warby Parker for Mattresses 
Elon Musk: "I would like to die on Mars"
Cost of the Uniloc Lawsuit
Why I went from Python to Go (and not node.js)
GitHub availability this week
Google rejects White House request to pull Mohammad film clip
U.S. Taxpayers Are Gouged on Mass Transit Costs
The Pirate Bay - 9 years and still bloody runnin
Facebook explains what's wrong with the mobile web
Fast Inverse Square Root
Spanner: Google's Globally-Distributed Database
The iPhone 5's A6 SoC: Not A15 or A9, a Custom Apple Core Instead
Little-Known Awesome Algorithms: Fenwick Range Trees
Bill Gates: Books I Read this Summer
The Probability and Statistics Cookbook
 Aaron Swartz "JSTOR" case indictment revised/expanded
The lightbulb reinvented
Things I've quit doing at my desk
How can one manage thousands of IF…THEN…ELSE rules?
Sh.py
iPhone 5 web teardown: How Apple compresses video using JPEG, JSON, and canvas
Everything's broken and nobody's upset
52 Hertz: The Loneliest Whale in the World 
Hardware is dead
Android can be beautiful
Odd Things Happen When You Chop Up Cities and Stack Them Sideways
CoffeeScript: less typing, bad readability
Introducing the Command Bar
Why I Migrated Away From MongoDB
Ramit Sethi and Patrick McKenzie on Getting Your First Consulting Client
Warp Drive May Be More Feasible Than Thought, Scientists Say
How to Launch a 65Gbps DDoS, and How to Stop One
Analysis of bank PIN numbers
Have You Ever Tried to Sell a Diamond? (1982)
Yahoo Removes Registered Trademark (R) From Logo
A Letter from a Scared Actress
Kickstarter vaporware of the day, Lifx edition
Rackspace accused of patent infringement for hosting Github
German government urges public to stop using Internet Explorer
Patent Trolls: Make Them Pay
Stock Android Isn't Perfect: Things I Can't Stand About Jelly Bean
The Apple Reaper
Xkcd: Click and Drag
Xkcd's world - pieced together with AngularJS (warning: big images)
Web Design is 95% Typography
Xkcd "Click and Drag" in a "map" interface
iPad and Linode: 1 Year Later
Stripe in Canada
John Carmack on Static Code Analysis
Makerbot announces new 3D printer: Replicator 2
The Lost Chapter
iOS 6 Breaks the App Store
Github redesigns Profiles
New Apple maps app under fire from users
AskPatents.com: A Stack Exchange To Prevent Bad Patents
The Amazing iOS 6 Maps
Abusing Emoji in iOS and Your Mac
IFTTT forced to remove Twitter triggers to comply with new API policies
Everything that's wrong with Java in a single class
Google has an iOS 6 Maps app awaiting approval
Pandora doesn't hash their passwords
Kickstarter is Not a Store
Apple accused of ripping off famous Swiss clock design
Google Maps' advantage over Apple Maps
My Brush With a Patent Troll
Large Investment in OpenStreetMap from Knight Foundation
What Business is Wall Street In?
Tent v0.1
VirtualBox hotfix now available for OS X 10.8.2 problem
Licensing of Titanium chaotic and unclear
What are imaginary numbers?
Why Your Customers Would Be Happier If You Charged More
Show HN: 5000 best movies
Show HN: Learned Objective C as a high schooler and made this iPhone game
Facebook Wants You To Snitch On Friends Not Using Their Real Name
Startup = Growth
The man who singlehandedly carved a road through a mountain
Ubuntu Will Now Have Amazon Ads Pre-Installed
How to stop hospitals from killing us
Rethinking Sleep
DC Taxi Commission Proposes New Rules to Shut Down Uber
Thank you Apple
Vim Koans
Rescuing Resque: Let's do this
Torvalds' quote about good programmers
Show HN: Online C/C++ to assembly visualizer [Weekend Project]
The Last PC Laptop
Apple's HTTP POST caching is a bug
Why I’m not leaving Python for Go
Firefox turns 10 years old today (Phoenix v0.1)
New Zealand PM requests inquiry into illegal Megaupload wire tapping
The Pendulum Swings, Again
I Am Worried About The Future Of Python
SHA-3 to Be Announced
Websockets 101
Why American Phone, Cable and Internet Bills are so High
Google Spanner's Most Surprising Revelation: NoSQL is Out and NewSQL is In
Adobe Edge Web Fonts
Leak shows EU's plans for large scale surveillance of all communications
Nigerian scammer gets a laptop from me
Myspace previews complete redesign
Meeting A Troll
Tesla reveals Supercharger network, Free Fill Ups
Entire field of particle physics is to switch to open-access publishing
USSD code to factory data reset a Galaxy S3 can be trigged from a HTML page
Does everyone hate MongoDB?
“grep -R doesn't automatically search amazon”
Jetstrap for Bootstrap
Show HN: Ejecta, A Fast, Open Source JavaScript, Canvas Implementation for iOS
NoPassword
Did Blowing Into The NES Cartridge Really Work?
Turn your 404s into lost children alerts
Great Barrier Reef underwater panoramas in Google Maps 
Subtle Patterns
Proposed new HTML tag: IMG (1993)
OStatus: like Twitter, but open
Formlabs: High Resolution 3D Printer
Bret Victor: Learnable Programming
Mathematics at Google 
MMO in loving tribute to xkcd-1110
Why I think Rust is the "language of the future" for systems programming
A Conversation With Randall Munroe, the Creator of XKCD
Beta Late Than Never (Steam Linux Beta)
“iCloud Backup”
How a random bug in Deep Blue may ultimately have led to Kasparov's defeat
How to build a windmill
Announcing the First Beta Release of Persona
StarCraft: Orcs in space go down in flames
Did NSA Put a Secret Backdoor in New Encryption Standard? (2007)
Google Search Referrers Disappear In iOS 6
What happens to our brains when we exercise and how it makes us happier
NASA Rover Finds Old Streambed on Martian Surface 
Want To Disrupt An Industry? Try Actually Working In It First
Employers Banned From Asking For Social Media Passwords In California
Notch: "I'd rather have minecraft not run on win 8 at all than to play along."
California passes groundbreaking open textbook legislation
Patent US6368227 - Method of swinging on a swing
A Letter from Tim Cook on Maps
Show HN: Bubbles - my unfinished HTML5 Particle Game
Google disables AdSense account of user for sharing free book via torrent
WTFM - Write The Freaking Manual
WebGL Car Viewer
Use Zsh
Patio11 launches his lifecycle emails course
Alligator Eggs
Stripe partners with Chilling Effects
Bootstrap Maintainers Leave Twitter
Python 3.3.0 released
Flowplayer 5.0.0
Persona - Mozilla's decentralized and secure authentication system
Slate: Tiling window management for OS X
Fog of World
How does SSL work?
Selfspy - Tool for Personal Data Analytics
The Case for Abolishing Patents (Yes, All of Them) 
Amazon now loaning capital to sellers
Why was a scam company able to raise $76 Million Series B?
Dave The Incredible Mindreader – How Does He Do It?
To Encourage Biking, Cities Lose the Helmets
How a rogue appeals court wrecked the patent system
Bootstrap Toggle Buttons
Donut math: How donut.c works
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (October 2012) 
Why Mozilla Persona is the right answer to the question of Identity
Thanks For Reading: 15 Years of News For Nerds
The Homely Mutt
TypeScript: a language for application-scale JavaScript development
Xkcd style graphs
Linux 3.6 released
All Rational Approximations of Pi Are Useless
 Why does iTunes 10.7 try to contact the domain bogusapple.com?
Judge Posner decries "excessive" copyright and software patent protections
You are getting sleeeeeeepy ...
Show HN: Meet your cardboard buddy.
Online Python Tutor: Learn programming by visualizing code execution
The Sudden, Mysterious Exit Of A Quora Cofounder Has Silicon Valley Baffled
Lockitron: Keyless entry using your phone
Racism at a gaming company
The Story of the New Microsoft.com
Social Login Buttons Aren’t Worth It
Software on Steam
Show HN: I built a stock market game based on the top 50,000 websites
Drupal's Golden Handcuffs
Keccak wins the SHA-3 competition
If Hemingway wrote JavaScript
15 Years after the First Slashdot Post
America to immigrants: keep your entrepreneurs
Are Those Spidery Black Things On Mars Dangerous?
What strips vocals from audio when a 1/8' audio jack is partially unplugged?
Andreessen Horowitz Invests $15M In Text Annotation Startup Rap Genius
Mona Lisa in pure CSS
An Update from Elon Musk
The Windows ecosystem reboot is bad news if you plan to move country
Do You Really Want to be Doing this When You're 50?
“I am calling you from Windows”: A tech support scammer 
Linus on keeping a clean git history (2009)
Software Architecture cheat sheet
The Most Revealing Job Interview Question
Facebook has 1 billion monthly active users 
LinkedIn Mobile Moved from Rails to Node: 27 Servers Cut and Up to 20x Faster
Chrome DevTools could do that?
Clearing up some things about LinkedIn mobile’s move from Rails to node.js
Yale scientists explain how ketamine vanquishes depression within hours
Steve Jobs passed away one year ago - HN Frontpage
Zip Bomb
Things you didn't know about Python
Apple's tribute to Steve Jobs, one year on.
Yes I Still Want To Be Doing This at 56
How SQLite is tested
The best interface is no interface
Living in a Van
When Will We See Collisions for SHA-1?
This picture is worth a thousand pictures
How To Set Up Your Linode For Maximum Awesomeness
Never Give Your Information To 10 Minute Old Startups
Do you really want to be making this much money when you're 50?
Things I Learned From Founding Technology Companies
Hilarious HN Spoof
More evidence that Voyager has exited the solar system
Anvil - a Mac app for Pow
Seven habits of effective text editing
Microsoft's HTML5 Games Resource
Programmer Time Translation Table
Your right to resell your own stuff is in peril
How to use Gmail to destroy your relationship with your investors and customers
Flight Deck of the Space Shuttle Endeavour
Adobe's Source Code Pro Font
Entire cities dead on some World of Warcraft realms
Faster than C? Parsing binary data in JavaScript.
SpaceX's First Official Cargo Resupply Mission to the ISS - Launch Webcast
RIP Hans Camenzind, Inventor Of The 555 Timer
The Patent, Used as a Sword
The software development final exam: Algorithms and Data Structures
Ask HN: What did the really successful programmers do differently?
Programmer Competency Matrix
Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and others launch webplatform.org
US Air Force’s 1950s supersonic flying saucer declassified
SpaceX update: The engine did not explode
What number is halfway between 1 and 9?
How Studying Body Language Changed the Way I Socialize
Using the HTML5 Fullscreen API for Phishing Attacks
The State of JavaScript - Brendan Eich
LLJS: Low-Level JavaScript
Farming hard drives: how Backblaze weathered the Thailand drive crisis
Be nice to programmers
Introducing the Redesigned Bitbucket
Humble eBook Bundle
Verizon is Selling Your Personal Data
Firefox debuts new developer toolbar
Federal Circuit reexamining whether software is patentable
Stripe Button (beta)
An Intuitive Guide to Linear Algebra
What Pandora Pays Top Artists
Indian Railways, live on Google Maps
What can I do for Mozilla?
Codeq
A better Android emulator
Why is processing a sorted array faster than an unsorted array?
ISS crew successfully capture SpaceX Dragon Capsule (06:56 EST)
Raspberry Pi Colocation
Stripe Connect
Help find a bright object on Mars
Zynga stock plummets below value of its cash and real estate
Ask HN: Your best passive income sources?
Google's Common Lisp style-guide
How Linux 3.6 Nearly Broke PostgreSQL
The Magazine
Conway's Game of Life, using floating point values instead of integers
A circuit and PCB editor in the browser
Introducing Go by Example
Linus Torvalds Answers Your Questions
AWS Costs Cheat Sheet
Building websites in Python with Flask
Show HN: We open sourced Lockitron's crowdfunding app
On sexism in the tech industry - rebuttal
The game of life emulated in the game of life
Googling for "conway's game of life" gives a simulation in the results page
If You're Too Busy to Meditate, Read This
A Proposal For A System To Replace Ordinary Record Merchandising (1983)
How to beat comment spam
Sugar, acid and teeth (2009)
The Product is the Byproduct
GET /browser.exe
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win
Satellite burns up following SpaceX rocket glitch
Sun Goes Down. Up Comes A Mystery
The New Oracle
How I’m Making Five-Figures A Month Off Bootstrapped Products
Guido van Rossum's Performance tips for Python
Cuban missile crisis: The other, secret one
Facebook “Promoted Posts” have primarily foreign “Likes”: Why?
0x10c (Notch's new game)
Hacking ls -l
More people should write
Surprisingly undervalued books
Red Bull Stratos Skydive Rescheduled for today
Exotic data structures
Skydiver shatters world record with 24-mile leap
Pattern - Web Mining Python lib
Redactor - WYSIWYG editor on jQuery
Surviving in-flight breakup of an SR-71 Blackbird at Mach 3.18
Your Startup Is Spam
Shut up and play nice: How the Western world is limiting free speech
Syte: Simple but powerful packaged personal site 
Raspberry Pi now with 512MB RAM
Is it OK to hold credit card numbers in cookies, Santander?
A Very Unusual Camera That Emphasizes Time Over Space
Sol — a sunny little homemade virtual machine
Master Keys
A science committee that doesn’t get science 
R.I.P. Phil Bagwell
Pearson takes down 1.5 million teacher/student blogs with a single DMCA notice
FiveThirtyEight: Over the Decades, How States Have Shifted
Gary McKinnon saved from extradition to the US
Hacker News supports browsing with a points threshold
 A new kind of fractal?
IBM: The cost difference is too great for business not to look for H1B workers
My son is schizophrenic. The ‘reforms’ that I worked for have worsened his life.
A Dragnet for Pee-Wee
How I Hired Someone On Craigslist And Quadrupled My Productivity
Data Mining 3.4 billion Web pages for $100 of EC2
The Pirate Bay in the cloud
Google throws open doors to its top-secret data center
Hacker News Data Analysis
Making Yourself a CEO
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos calls for governments to end patent wars
Google's data centers are guarded by stormtroopers
Things I wish I knew about MongoDB a year ago
International Obfuscated C Code Contest Winners
Meteor releases authentication, accounts system, and new screencast
EC2 I/O
Apple Said to Acquire Color
Ubuntu 12.10 Quantal Quetzal released
Free Flag Icons
Is the use of “utf8=✓” preferable to “utf8=true”?
How cork is made
New $250 Chromebook
Ubuntu 12.10 Now Available
Such a Little Thing: The Semicolon in Rust
Jon Stewart: Lower entrepreneurial risk
XKCD-style charts with D3
PayPal Bug Bounty - a lesson in not being a fuckup
Free Online Education Is Now Illegal in Minnesota
This Is Why They Call It a Weakly-Ordered CPU
Some advice from Jeff Bezos
TSA Removes X-Ray Body Scanners From Major Airports
Small
Anatomy of a Hoax (Sony Nexus phone)
Free Textbooks on Machine Learning
Free Online Book: Bayesian Reasoning and Machine Learning
Opal - Ruby to Javascript compiler
How A $19 Million Movie Makes $150 Million - And Still Isn't Profitable
How I made Stripe as easy to use as Paypal in 5 days
Build a Business, Not an Exit Strategy
Google Voice lost my business number. How I got it back, and what I learned.
Simplify your life with an SSH config file
Billion laughs
FBI got Hacked, Reveals Hundreds of Passwords
The Django Book is getting updated 
Ubuntu ported to the Nexus 7
Single page apps in depth (new free book)
Watch YC Startup School 2012 Live
FBI Hack news on Hackernews is Fake
Pirate Bay Founder Held In Solitary Confinement
How the CIA Used a Fake Sci-Fi Flick to Rescue Americans From Tehran (2007) 
Restoration of defocused and blurred images
When A Daughter Dies
Guerrilla guide to CNC machining, mold making, and resin casting
Missing the Point of Promises
The physics of baseball as illustrated by Fox's new 5000 fps camera
Git 1.8.0
Outlawed by Amazon DRM
Introducing the USB Stick of Death
Early pictures from the days when PayPal was a startup
L'Aquila quake: Italy scientists found guilty of manslaughter
Makisu - CSS 3D dropdown concept
Amazon EC2 currently down. Affecting Heroku, Reddit, Others
Show HN: I spent two years working on an HTML5 game. I finally released it
If I was your cloud provider, I'd never let you down
How To Strip DRM from Kindle E-Books and Others
USPTO invalidates Apple's "rubber-banding" patent asserted against Samsung
GitLab, open source github clone, reaches 3.0
Amazon reopen wiped Kindle account
Under the hood of Windows 8, or why desktop users should upgrade from Windows 7
The rise of the “successful” unsustainable company
The Hardware Renaissance
Zynga May Have Just Laid Off 100+ Employees From Its Austin Office
iPad mini
Mozilla blogger bought 1 million Facebook entries (full name, e-mail) for $5
Rubular - a Ruby regular expression editor
AnandTech: Microsoft Surface Review
UsesThis: Rob Pike
Open Source ARM userland
How a Google Headhunter’s E-Mail Unraveled a Massive Net Security Hole
My experience with WPEngine
The island where people forget to die
How I automated the boring parts of life
Facebook, I want my friends back
Ruby 2.0.0 feature freeze
Using python and k-means to find dominant colors in images
The most dangerous code in the world
"Ruby developers need to stop using EventMachine. It's the wrong direction."
Startup School 2012 Videos
Career Day - A parent introduces programming at her son's school
BootMetro: Metro style web framework
Electronic demon costume is surprisingly unnerving
Followup to "I bought more than 1 million Facebook data entries for $5"
Windows 8 Arrives
GitHub Game Off
Jessica Livingston: What Goes Wrong
The Future of Markdown
Mastering Linear Algebra in 10 Days: Astounding Experiments in Ultra-Learning
dl.google.com now served by Go
Steam for Linux Beta
Is it better to turn up the volume in the software or on the speakers?
China Blocks Web Access to The New York Times After Article
Put Alan Turing on the next £10 note
The Internet is experiencing severe outages across North American and Asia
Windows 8 Doesn’t Want Your App. Try Again Later
Dropbox Bug Can Permanently Lose Your Files
Rob Pike: Go at Google
AWS outage summary
An Alternate Universe (Microsoft Surface)
Congratulations on IE10: from Mozilla with cake
Valve Linux Steam Client Beta Application
Why I'm returning my Microsoft Surface RT
A dozen USB chargers in the lab: Apple is very good, but not quite the best
Tell HN: Let's Be Civil
Facebook Tries To Silence Blogger To Cover Up User Data Scandal
Singularity Chess
DuckDuckHack
Apple ][+ in HTML5
F1 Indian GP in real time with Google Maps
3D CSS Periodic table with three.js
Web Design Trends
The little ssh that (sometimes) couldn't
Infinite Gangnam Style
Killing Your Startup on a Thursday Night
Illegal Numbers
I.B.M. Reports Nanotube Chip Breakthrough
I Don't Have Time
The lactose-tolerance mutation
Amazon.com criticising new iPad on homepage
Always “hover” before you click? Wrong.
No, I still don't want to work for Google
Nexus: The best of Google, now in three sizes
North Carolina teacher's resignation letter
Scott Forstall leaves Apple
Mozilla UX: Save For Later (why bookmarks are broken and how to fix it)
Hacking language learning
Forstall Out; Ive Up
Why I Program in Erlang
Poll: Should we push the YC deadline back by a day because of the storm?
Bootstrap 2.2.0 released
Introducing the new compose in Gmail
Google’s most advanced voice search has arrived on iOS
Because of the storm we're pushing the YC application deadline back to Friday
Disney to Acquire Lucasfilm Ltd.
How Zappos' User Agreement Failed In Court and Left Zappos Legally Naked
REST framework 2 released: Simple, beautiful, browsable Web APIs for Django
Quantum entanglement shows that reality can't be local
WebScript.io: Just choose a URL and type in a script. No servers, no deployment
The Horrible Future of Social
The Startup’s Guide to Budget Design
Joey Hess' minimal approach
Linus Torvalds: Make 2560x1600 the new standard laptop resolution
C++11 and Boost - Succinct like Python
The Next 1,000 Start-Ups
12-year-old uses Dungeons and Dragons to help scientist dad with his research
Given Tablets but No Teachers, Ethiopian Children Teach Themselves
My entire entrepreneurship story in 10 minutes
Kim Dotcom's new Mega project
Do You Wanna Touch
Man faces 3 years in prison for tweeting about finance minister in India
Apple told to rewrite "Samsung didn't copy", post on front page until Dec 14th
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (November 2012)
Programming is a Pop Culture
2013 Automobile of the Year: Tesla Model S
Mario 3 recreated with CSS3 animations and media queries
Why you should take your 20's seriously
Noam Chomsky on Where Artificial Intelligence Went Wrong
Goldeneye 64's inspirational startup story
Fine, eBay. Here’s your $2. I hope you choke on it.
Richard Stallman: Let’s Limit the Effect of Software Patents
Why it is Awesome to be a Girl in Tech
More than 1MM Facebook accounts exposed 
A Slower Speed of Light
Elon Musk’s Mission to Mars
Nobody’s going to steal your idea
Escape from Callback Hell: Callbacks are the modern goto
Start Something Small
A life less posted
Not one Microsoft product on Kaspersky’s top 10 vulnerabilities list
Show HN: I'm 14, I learned Objective-C, and this is my first iPhone game
512 Paths to the White House
US Government: You Don't Own Your Cloud Data So We Can Access It At Any Time
Learn a Programming Language Faster by Copying Unix
Apple script resizes iPad banner and pushes Samsung verdict out of view
Why political journalists can’t stand Nate Silver
Google Address Sanitizer ("compile-time valgrind") to be part of GCC 4.8
The Background Noise Was Louder than I Realized
Show HN: I built a thing
Linus Torvalds: Is Engadget really that stupid? Just corrupt? Trolling us all?
‘Creepy Cameraman’ pushes limits of public surveillance
Ask HN: Help, HN'er in trouble, we need a laywer in Delhi immediately
Skype hands 16-year-old's personal information to IT company
My IQ
The Fight
I fixed a bug in Python
The Mathematics Behind xkcd: A Conversation with Randall Munroe
Show HN: Non-Confusing, Visually Correct Slider Toggle UI
Ghost — rethinking WordPress
Stolen Money on Gittip, Part 1
Writing Fast, Memory-Efficient JavaScript
Don't re-elect SOPA supporters on Tuesday
Peter Thiel, Bill Gates, Khosla fund LightSail Energy in $37M Deal
Git add -p: a powerful git feature
MongoDB Gotchas and How To Avoid Them
Ratchet: Prototyping iPhone apps in simple HTML, CSS, and JS
The Waiting Place
Perfectum Dashboard
"I think you will all appreciate this person's commenting style"
Why Google Went Offline Today and a Bit about How the Internet Works
Bonsai.js: A New Graphics and Animation Library
How I made $500k with machine learning and high frequency trading
Meet the new Light Table
Reddit user captures video of 2012 voting machines altering votes
Sergey Brin Calls On Politicians To Abandon Political Parties
Steam for Linux Beta Now Available 
The perfect email
Nate Silver correctly called 50 out of 50 states
Colorado measure legalizing marijuana passes
Obama Wins The Election. Here’s His Technology Agenda.
Washington voters approve legalized marijuana
Inside the Secret World of the Data Crunchers Who Helped Obama Win
The definitive guide to forms based website authentication
Why is Rick Santorum Using a Picture of 4Chan Founder Moot on His Website?
Great design from Apple on an interaction with Siri
Entrepreneurs Tell What They Wish They’d Known before Founding First Startup
Firefox OS – video presentations and slides on the OS, WebAPIs
Show HN: Use Easel to style and build Bootstrap interfaces
The Best
GNOME (et al): Rotting In Threes
Jam With Chrome
Obama's Secret Weapon In The South is 129 Million Years Old
More HTML5 APIs
Photo of a Nuclear Explosion Less than 1 Millisecond After Detonation
Amazing: Microsoft turns spoken English into spoken Mandarin – in the same voice
The Magical Tech Behind Paper For iPad's Color-Mixing
NASA May Unveil New Manned Moon Missions Soon
I am a terrible programmer
Priceline.com acquires Kayak for $1.8B
Buildy, a real-time HTML5 building game - come build in our biggest world yet
The People's Bailout
How to get your IP unbanned on HN
Inventing a Soccer Ball for Poor Countries
Uses for cURL
RethinkDB: An open-source distributed database built with love over three years
Eight Years of Firefox
Objective-C in The Cloud
An inside look behind Romney's loss: An epic failure of its Orca big-data app
How to Detect a Toxic Customer (2010)
Chinese government blocks Google.com, Gmail, Google+, Maps, Docs and more
Inside Team Romney’s whale of an IT meltdown
The Nature of Lisp
The UK Court Sanctions Apple, Hopes "Lack of Integrity" Is Not "Typical"
The front page of HN almost exactly 5 years ago
Show HN: garlic.js - don't let your users lose their form data
The Best Groupon Deal Ever: 86.2% Off On GRPN at NASDAQ
The Emails That Got My Unsexy Start-Up Covered By TechCrunch
Go turns three
The amount of crap Windows users have to put up with is incredible
Show HN: LaughMatch
PayMill, Stripe clone, rolls out silently across Europe
Visitor Tracking Without Cookies (or How To Abuse HTTP 301s)
Non-hiring Practices
Smuggling USB Sticks
Show HN: RewindHN - Go back in Hacker News history
Python for Humans
Watch Mitt Romney's Facebook Likes Decrease in Real Time
InternalFrameInternalFrameTitlePaneInternalFrameTitlePaneMaximizeButtonPainter
Alone Together, Again
A billion dollar software tech company is founded every three months in the U.S.
Python Libraries you should know about
Microsoft's Skydrive sends two million NULL characters
Reddit Considering Accepting Bitcoin
Y Combinator interview decisions postponed to November 15
Rampant Abuse of Push Notifications Is Ruining Them For All Developers
My favorite regex of all time
LuaJit 2.0 is out
Shumway: a SWF interpreter entirely in JavaScript
Motor Trend Car of the Year: Tesla Model S
Steven Sinofsky to Leave Microsoft
Show HN: An IDE for poets
A SSD in Your Pocket
Dictionary app auto-posts piracy accusations on users’ Twitter accounts
Google's Nexus 4 smartphone sells out in the US in 50 minutes
Bring Back the 40-hour work week (March 2012)
Commercial freedom
Raymond Chen patches MS Money executable to fix bug
Understanding Like-gate
OOP Isn't a Fundamental Particle of Computing
Google Fiber is live in Kansas City, real-world speeds at 700 Mbps
Skype vulnerability allowing hijacking of an account if you know just the email
Algorithms [pdf]
Why aren't we all using Japanese toilets?
What do 100,000 stars look like? 
CyanogenMod.com hijacked. Transition to CyanogenMod.org
Rob Pike on Object Oriented programming
Brian Harvey: Why SICP matters
Glitch Is Closing
Free VMs of Windows to test older versions of IE
"Why don't you sell Triple Town for 99 cents and make tons of money?"
VLC Core is LGPL
Animated Factorisation Diagrams
Why Coke Cost A Nickel For 70 Years 
Prototyping iPhone apps on paper with POP
Facebook Pages: Why I don’t like Nest thermostat or anything else anymore
Google Launches Ingress, a Worldwide Mobile Alternate Reality Game
Engineers suck at finding the right jobs
Migrating a large JavaScript project from DOM spaghetti to Backbone.js
Show HN: Soundslice – YouTube + synced guitar tabs + HTML5
WordPress.com accepts Bitcoin
Show HN: Instant Google Street View
Netflix on Ubuntu Is Here
Internal FBI risk assessment of Bitcoin network [pdf]
Chrome gets date and time pickers
What Happens When A Twitter Client Hits The Token Limit
When the Nerds Go Marching In
A breakdown of how I was talked out of $100
Configuring Sublime Text 2
Twitter is Pivoting
Ron Paul’s Farewell Address: The Internet Can Stop Big Government
Republicans Repudiate 40 Years of Tougher Copyright Laws
Silk — Interactive generative art
Fast JVM launching without the hassle of persistent JVMs
They Cracked This 250 Year-Old Code, And Found a Secret Society Inside
The Year 2512
NVD3 Erased From Existence
Security Incident on FreeBSD Infrastructure
Twitter's descent into the extractive
You can do it alone
Hollywood Kills Republicans' Copyright Reform
The entire win32 API in JavaScript
Man Arrested At Airport for Unusual Watch
Entrepreneurshit
Thank HN: Our friend is Safe and Sound
Why Brit Ruby 2013 was cancelled and why this is not ok
How To Package Your Python Code
The Web engineer's online toolbox
The Quiet Ones
Cisco Acquires Enterprise Wi-Fi Startup Meraki For $1.2 Billion In Cash
Windows 8 — Disappointing Usability for Both Novice and Power Users
Q: “How much does an app cost?” A: “About as much as a car.”
Mumbai girl arrested for Facebook post
Elon Musk: 'Europe's rocket has no chance'
Refining Ruby
How I went from $100-an-hour programming to $X0,000-a-week consulting
The official Blog of John McAfee
Chris Dixon Joins Andreessen Horowitz
How to Get Startup Ideas
Music Theory for Musicians and Normal People
Low-cost Solution to Clearing Afghan Landmines
Jail Looms for Man Who Revealed AT&T Leaked iPad User E-Mails
EU Scolds Visa et al. For Killing WikiLeaks Donations, Initiates Regulation
Senate bill rewrite lets feds read your e-mail without warrants
US patent chief to software patent critics: "Give it a rest already"
Airport Security Is Killing Us
Apple Broke My iPhone, and Their Policies Prevent Them from Fixing It
Big News From Mars? Rover Scientists Mum For Now
Pickadate.js
The last day
You are committing a crime right now
Elon Musk and the Hyperloop 
TL;DR — Faster News
"Your criticisms are completely wrong": Stallman on software patents
Thank You HN: From 30 people whose lives you saved
A Better Twitter Bootstrap Modal
Samsung's A15 Chromebook Loaded With Ubuntu Is Crazy Fast
Everything Technical in F1
Extremist Programming
Scientist Creates Self-Filling Water Bottle
Google competitor DuckDuckGo says it's getting shut out
Police Raid 9-Year-Old Pirate Bay Girl
PyPy 2.0 beta 1 released
Leaving Microsoft
Ask HN: Are you alone in San Francisco on Thanksgiving?
Student Suspended for Refusing to Wear a School-Issued RFID Tracker
A Few New Things Coming To JavaScript
Elon Musk - The Future of Energy and Transport [video]
Introducing the Rails API Project
Saudi Arabia implements electronic tracking system for women
Google's campaign for a free and open internet
Introducing GNU Guix
Suite of 300 icons for web and user interface design
I Don't Want To Be Part of Your Ecosystem
Nobel Prize winning biochemist says all biofuels are nonsense
Everlane Closed on Black Friday
Nexus 4 Includes Support for LTE on Band 4
Your Smartphone's Dirty, Radioactive Secret
Debian, FreeBSD and CentOS now supported by EC2
Linux brings over €10 million savings for Munich
Color schemes for Sublime Text 2 and Textmate
Dotcom: "We've hit the jackpot"
Show HN: Docverter, the hosted document conversion service, is now open source
Changing times for web developers
News about Mark Crispin (author of the original IMAP specification)
Hacking my Vagina
Do not ask me personal details when calling me
Twitter Boostrap Goodies
Google Apps Disabled My Domain
Scientists See Promise in Deep-Learning Programs
Avoiding "the stupid hour"
McAfee’s Third World Travel Guide
Skills Don’t Pay the Bills
X-editable: In-place editing with Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery UI or pure jQuery
Raided 9-Year-Old Pirate Bay Girl Came To Save Us All
An ABC proof too tough even for mathematicians
D3, Conceptually - Lesson 1
Stripe's 22-Year-Old Irish-Born Founder Is Just Getting Started
Simple Sabotage Field Manual (1944)
Kickstarter, Trademarks and Lies
Inside Google Spanner, the Largest Single Database on Earth
On 81st birthday, Oregon man gives company to employees (2010)
Redline Smalltalk V1.0
Cosmo: A free Metro-inspired theme for Bootstrap
Apple's Module proposal to replace headers for C-based languages [pdf]
The YC VC Program
I’m writing my own OS
Why we can't process Emoji anymore
Doom 3 BFG Edition source code released
Leaping Brain's "Virtually Uncrackable" DRM is just an XOR with "RANDOM_STRING"
Einstein's list of conditions for staying together with his wife
Redis crashes - a small rant about software reliability
Ninja IDE: written in Python for Pythonists
The Worst
Silicon Valley's dirty secret - age bias
The greatest Google Mail feature you may not be using
Gmail and Drive - a new way to send files
Poll: Do you select text while reading?
Show HN: Telescope, an open-source social news app built with Meteor
How to travel around the world for a year (2011)
How to set up a safe and secure Web server
JPL director: Curiosity may have found organic, not biological molecules
The Great Python.org Redesign
Meet the Obama campaign's $250 million fundraising platform
List of Twitter Bootstrap Resources
Amazon Announces new Data Warehousing Product
British aerospace company claims biggest engine advance since the jet
Announcing HashiCorp (a Company for Vagrant)
Alertify.js
APIs that will transform the Web in 2013
The EC2 firewall is broken
B&N Decides That Purchased Ebooks Are Only Yours Until Your Credit Card Expires
Tor exit node operator raided in Austria
Dell releases powerful, well-supported Linux Ultrabook
Syrian Internet Is Off The Air
Staples Announces In-Store 3D Printing Service
A Tutorial on Anonymous Email Accounts
How Syria Turned Off the Internet
Speeding up PHP with the HipHop VM
Canadian scientists create a functioning, virtual brain
Skrillex Quest
Love Your Terminal
2D Game Art for Programmers
Dune II ported to the Web with Emscripten
Khan Academy Founder Proposes a New Type of College
Google acquires BufferBox (YC S12)
The Useless Web
Why I Sold My Startup Instead Of Taking VC Money
24 Pull Requests - Giving little gifts of code for Christmas
How to directly upload files to Amazon S3 from your client side web app
A Warning for Airbnb Hosts
Show HN: Responsive Email Templates
A single line of Basic sends readers into a labyrinth
Microsoft releases tool for creating Windows 8 apps in the browser
Norway is building thorium reactor
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (December 2012) 
Poll: What's your favorite static site generator?
Editorial: "How piracy changed my life"
Netflix open sources resilience engineering library
Show HN: Interactive SICP
Android Performance Case Study
Ask HN: what was the best life/programming choice you ever made?
You don't have to be local
YC W13 Will Be Smaller
Understanding The Fourier Transform
Notch trying jsFiddle
Books of a Highly Effective Programmer (2009)
Improving Your Python Productivity
Never mind talent: Practice, practice, practice
When Facebook was Fun
Julian Assange: Cryptographic Call to Arms
Don't read TechCrunch
Explorations in Unix
Apple - Think Twice
Command & Conquer in HTML5 with multiplayer
Thinking of Selling on eBay using Paypal? Think Again
Feudal Security
Voyager 1 spots new region at the edge of the Solar System
Steve Ballmer's Nightmare is Coming True
Vice.com Reveals John McAfee's Location In iPhone Metadata
Site44 turns Dropbox folders into websites
Touché
China prepares to grow vegetables on Mars
Lego Finds Discontinued Set For Boy Who Saved Up For 2 Years
Karma -  pay as you go data by sharing your hotspot
University of Waterloo Students Win Facebook's Hackathon
ITU Approves Deep Packet Inspection Recommendation
So what's wrong with 1975 programming? (2008)
On Heroku and 2012
'Everyone in US under virtual surveillance' - NSA whistleblower
One reason Gmail for iOS still sucks 
Tesla Was Cash Flow Positive Last Week, CEO Musk Says
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Academia
Dave Brubeck, Who Helped Put Jazz Back in Vogue, Dies at 91
You can now create files on GitHub
Why First Round Capital funded a lawsuit
A new era begins for Haskell
How To Accept Bitcoin On Your Website
Portal’s physics engine rebuilt in 25KB—on a graphing calculator
Try R — A new online course, for free
John McAfee arrested in Guatemala
DuckDuckGo Terminal Emulator
IRecognition: I am no longer Apple's Target Market
Great HN parody
Apple will invest $100 million to bring Mac production back to the US next year
Staffer axed by Republican group over retracted copyright-reform memo
Most lives are lived by default
Something really scary is going on in Germany
AR Drone That Infects Other Drones With Virus Wins DroneGames
Bitcoin-Central.net is now licensed to operate as a bank in Europe
Launch any browser/OS right from your desktop with Sauce for Mac
Google Apps stops accepting free sign-ups
Ubuntu Spyware: What to Do?
Larry Page "providing free flu shots to all San Francisco bay area kids"
Dropbox Hires Guido Van Rossum
Welcome Guido
Let's make GitHub better, together
Microsoft's DroidRage Twitter campaign goes painfully wrong
A letter to the TEDx community on TEDx and bad science
GitHub now has Issue Attachments
Richard Stallman calls Ubuntu “spyware” because it tracks searches
Gravity Light - Alternative form of lighting to replace Kerosene
Nomic
Holding a Program in One's Head (2007)
Ask HN: A place like HN but with more nerdy stuff and less social stuff?
Pokemon Yellow hack recodes the game from within
 Can websites personally identify visitors?
How I coached a basketball team in Afghanistan and what went wrong
Pushing Nginx to its limit with Lua
"Office Space" creator Mike Judge shooting new HBO parody of Silicon Valley
Isaac Asimov - The Foundation Trilogy
1983 Radio Shack Catalog
I Don’t Need No Stinking API: Web Scraping For Fun and Profit
Better Rails errors
How would I get started?
Everything is my fault
The End: NZBMatrix closes
Sir Patrick Moore, astronomer and broadcaster, dies aged 89
The FreeBSD Foundation falls short of its 2012 fundraising goal by 50%
160 Mac Minis, One Rack
Facebook, Google, Zynga Ask Courts To Reject Patents On Abstract Ideas
Police concerned with Apple iOS 6 mapping system
A collector is selling every Super Nintendo game for $24,999
The Pirate Bay Is The World’s Most Efficient Public Library
Mining a 1993 game design for innovative game mechanics
Gmail.com was down
New board in the Arduino Family: Esplora
An office with "library rules"
What I Learned Building Twitter Bootstrap
Show HN: Clojure DSL for pattern-matching, parsing and generic programming
Search, Mad Men style: A complete IBM 362 Google interface in the browser
8-Bit Generation Documentary
You Are Naturally Short Housing
Linux 3.7 released
23andMe raises $50M, cuts price to $99, sets goal of 1M genotyped customers
ITunes 11 and Colors
Bot written to buy random things each month from Amazon
Welcome to a New Gist
Lorem Pixel
You’re not anonymous. I know your name, email, and company.
IPv6 Attack Kills Mac OS X and makes Windows Server 2012 restart in Seconds
The hum that helps to fight crime
IPython gets $1.15M funding
Any page loaded in IE can track your mouse movements anywhere
If you’re trying to hack/deface a website, don’t submit a pull request
Show HN: Analytics.js – The analytics API you've always wanted
Your C# App on 66 Million Macs: Announcing Xamarin.Mac
Thorium
Kickstarter backers ready class action lawsuit against Code Hero dev
Mona Lisa in 50 polygons, using a genetic algorithm (2008)
Google Set to Release iOS Maps App Tonight 
Google Maps for iOS
The Mathematical Hacker
Google Maps becomes the App Store’s most popular free app in 7 hours
I love you, dad
The Web We Lost
UChicago receives package for Indiana Jones
Show HN: roots - a toolkit for advanced front-end dev
Inside NASA’s Mysterious Rubber Room
Seattle to deploy Gigabit fiber network
Backbone.js 0.9.9 Released
Ole Roemer and the Speed of Light
EFF: Stop Congress from Reauthorizing the Warrantless Spying Bill
Dear Open Source Project Leader: Quit Being A Jerk
Want to learn to code? Don't copy and paste, type out other people's code
The Pinboard Investment Co-Prosperity Cloud
Tcl the misunderstood (2006)
Thank HN: You helped the FreeBSD Foundation raise over $43K in three days
Moravec's paradox
Brython - Python to Javascript translator
Google Disabling Exchange Sync for Free Accounts
Ray Kurzweil joins Google
Web Revenue Models
PowWow - Collaborative Screen Sharing
Why White Tigers Should Go Extinct
Building my Own Laptop
Online collaborative LaTeX editor
Valve boss says living room Steam PCs coming with Linux support
Things I wish someone had told me about life after college
Man Walks All Day to Create Spectacular Snow Patterns
How to Make Your Site Look Half-Decent in Half an Hour
Thinking the unthinkable
Massive New Surveillance Program Uncovered by Wall Street Journal
I am depressed and I need someone to talk to
What You Really Need Is A Market, Not An Idea
Ask HN: What unknown technical blogs or sites do you read?
Tor trip report to an FBI conference
I Don't Understand
List of data science and machine learning resources
Why 256 bit keys are large enough
Making Facebook's native mobile app faster using HTML5
Why I Love Being A Programmer in Louisville
Requests, Python HTTP for Humans, reached v1.0
Show HN: Scratchpad.io - a real-time HTML and CSS editor
Cards Against Humanity: Results of "pay what you want"
The Gift
Indiana Jones journal mystery solved
Doing Game Gravity Right
Google Pays for Drones To Bust African Rhino Poachers
Two-for-one: Amazon.com’s Socially Engineered Replacement Order Scam
Instagram says it now has the right to sell your photos
Perl is 25 years old today
Wil Wheaton on Instagram's new ad policy
How I Made $600K in the iOS Education Market (2012 update)
The New Firebase Security API
How to Download Your Instagram Photos and Kill Your Account
Top ten algorithms in data mining (2007) [pdf]
Why was Pinball removed from Windows Vista?
Whose bug is this anyway?
Instagram's official response
The Real Silicon Valley
Young, Unemployed and Living on the Street
Migrate Your Instagram Photos to Flickr in One Click.
Interactive Guide to Blog Typography
Facebook's legal team bans developer of F.B. Purity from Facebook
Two Billion Pixel Photo of Mount Everest (can you find the climbers?)
Bootstrap 3.0 Upcoming changes
EFF Patent Project Gets Half-Million-Dollar Boost from Mark Cuban and 'Notch'
Apple's pinch-to-zoom patent invalidated by USPTO
The economic return of Iceland has proved that the joke was on Ireland
PlainSite Exposes 2,000 Intellectual Ventures Shell Companies
When I first heard the name "Safari"
The Basement
JetBrains Doomsday Sale - 75% off for 24 hours only
Congress Is Quietly Abandoning the 5th Amendment
MIT discovers a new state of matter, a new kind of magnetism
Wikipedia doesn't need your money
An Interactive Guide To The Fourier Transform
Engineering Pornography (2002)
Nate Silver confuses cause and effect, ends up defending corruption
Rice Cooker Hacks - The Ebert Way
Help HN: Developer laid off 5 days before Christmas, have kids
Snow Fall: The Avalanche at Tunnel Creek
xkcd: Instagram
IV: Don't Mind Our 2000 Shell Companies, That's Totally Normal
Verizon Is Blocking Google Wallet Anti-Competitively
China listening in on Skype - Microsoft assumes you approve
NASAs Cassini spacecraft has delivered a glorious view of Saturn...
Rust 0.5 released
A $5 Lamp Powered Solely by Gravity
Patio11 Wrote A Book On Conversion Optimization For Software Companies
What does randomness look like?
Screenshot-proof images via temporal dithering
125th Birthday of Ramanujan
E17 is out
GNU sed 4.2.2 released, maintainer resigns
School of Data - Learn how to find, process, analyze and visualize data
Developer CEO vs Sales Guy CEO
Producers of Minecraft Documentary upload their new movie to The Pirate Bay
Gitlab
Github experiencing major service outages across all services.
Page Weight Matters
Investors
Google Flights
Ed McMillen: Ubuntu Store Sold Super Meat Boy Without Permission, Has Yet To Pay
The best interface is no interface
The Sex Tape Litmus Test
GitLab 4.0 Released
First Sale Under Siege: If You Bought It, You Should Own It
Whatever happened to the Hurd? – The story of the GNU OS
Dangling by a Trivial Feature
Zed Shaw's Template for "Learn X The Hard Way" Books
Why learning Haskell makes you a better programmer
What is the enlightenment I'm supposed to attain after studying finite automata?
DARPA challange: Can you program a radio to dominate the spectrum? 
How to terminate your worst enemy's Dropbox account for only $795
The Parley Letter
Kenyan Women Create Their Own 'Geek Culture'
How the U.S. government poisoned alcohol during Prohibition
SpaceX Grasshopper Takes Off and Lands Vertically [video]
A Self-Made Man Looks At How He Made It
Are mass shootings really random events? A look at the US numbers
Expedia: Bad for the Traveler, Bad for the Hotel
Ask HN: Best books you read in 2012
Latency Numbers Every Programmer Should Know
Congress, at Last Minute, Drops Requirement to Obtain Warrant to Monitor Email
SpaceX’s entry into $70 billion U.S. launch market draws Lockheed jab
Half the Facts You Know Are Probably Wrong
Laws of Physics Can’t Trump the Bonds of Love
Receiveee.com - disposable email address
Ask HN: How do you escape CRUD jobs?
Why use SVM
Advice for US entrepreneurs who move to Europe
Why I Quit Being So Accommodating (1922)
The Flat Sink
Downtime last Saturday
Why MongoDB Never Worked Out at Etsy
The Programming Books That Meant The Most To Me
The New York Times Paywall Is Working Better Than Anyone Had Guessed
Desktop App for All Your Email
Everything You Know About Fitness is a Lie (2011)
Never Have the “What Would It Take to Keep You Here?” Conversation
What happens when you are the doctor on the airplane?
Rails is omakase
Stop Generalizing About Europe
Show HN: How I turned an old book into a (barely) profitable website
Developing Backbone.js Applications
How To Become a Successful Freelance Web Developer (and Not Kill Your Career)
Json ⊄ js
OS X emulation layer for Linux
Solve your first world problems
$89 Exynos4412 1.7Ghz ARM Cortex-A9 Quad-Core 2GB
Root Domain Website Hosting for Amazon S3
YouTube kills billions of video views faked by Music Industry
Show HN: CSS3 animation
The Cold Hard Facts of Freezing to Death
Show HN: Hacking a Raspberry Pi into a wireless airplay speaker
Warrantless wiretaps? Congress votes yes
What one book could give me a new, useful superpower?
Show HN: The home automation system with an API
SQL is Agile
It's like JSON. but fast and small.
Futuristic Predictions That Came True in 2012
Bingo Card Creator (and other stuff) Year in Review 2012
One Year After Quitting My Job
Tenth Grade Tech Trends
Support the FSF: Help us stop Restricted Boot
GitHub Says ‘No Thanks’ to Bots — Even if They’re Nice 
Progressive JPEGs: a new best practice
Elusive Icons - 268 Sleek Vector Icons For Bootstrap
I don't want to download your app
Laconic History of the World
PHPPHP: a PHP VM in PHP
WTF Google, you stole my $5
Joe Biden tried to ban email encryption back in 1991
An FBI Hostage Negotiator Buys A Car [audio]
How I got a $3,500 USD Facebook Bug Bounty
Why I Gave Up A Million Dollar Consultancy
JavaScript: Clarifying The Keyword ‘this’
ISP Walks Out of Piracy Talks: “We’re Not The Internet Police”
FreeBSD 9.1 Release Announcement
Getting better and finding happiness through cycling
Game Over: Zynga Shuts Down PetVille And 10 Other Titles
Open-Source Speech Recognition: Simon 0.4.0 Released
Fixing the computer guy posture [pdf]
I’m Bored. What’s Next?
PlaceIt by Breezi - Generate Product Screenshots in Realistic Environments
How to Contribute to Open Source without Being a Programming Rock Star
How multi-disk failures happen
How and why I run my own DNS servers
John Resig's ‘Secrets of the JavaScript Ninja’ has been released
A Pickpocket's Tale
Thoughts on Go after writing 3 websites
How I Fell in Love with a Schizophrenic
A tiny language called Z
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (January 2013)
Pinterest Cut Costs from $54 to $20 Per Hour With Automatic Shutdowns
The Absolute Beginner's Guide to Arduino
No bullshit guide to math and physics
A world without power
Avis acquires car sharing company Zipcar for $500 million
Make the Metric system the standard in the United States
Regexper: Beautiful regexp visualizations
Canonical announces Ubuntu for smartphones
Ubuntu for phones
SQL Injection Vulnerability in Ruby on Rails; affects all versions
How fast could you travel across the U.S. in the 1800s?
Patent trolls want $1,000 per employee for using scanners
The physics of that ‘kickalicious’ kick
Python: The Dictionary Playbook
Why did a Train Carrying Biofuel Cross the Border 24 Times and Never Unload?
Fitbit, why can’t I have my data?
Rails SQL injection vulnerability: here are the facts
Vigil: A programming language with eternal moral vigilance
Every NFL play for the past 10 years in CSV format
A New Look for Facebook
Are Designers Crazy?
Write Gambling Software, Go to Prison
 Black and Whitey: How the feds disable criminal defense
Show HN: my useless weekend project, add speech bubbles to images
Warren Buffett Buys World's Largest Solar Project from SunPower for $2.5 Billion
Google's text-to-speech engine randomly inserts phrase "he now praises the ipad"
America's Real Criminal Element: Lead
Keeping Safari a secret
Minimal wireframing tool - for free
An iPhone lover’s confession: I switched to the Nexus 4
Mega Man 2 (NES) password algorithm and code
Free SVG and PNG Icons Easily Customizable For Games
Scala 2.10 now available
Entropy generator to provide significant lag reduction in Android
Rant: Backbone, Angular, Meteor, Derby
Django 1.5 release candidate available
Who wrote the 'Death Note' script?
How My Start-Up Failed
English Letter Frequency Counts: Mayzner Revisited
Negative temperatures are not colder than absolute zero
Junior - A Native-Looking and Feeling Mobile HTML5 Front-End Framework
Deconstructing K&R C (2010)
The "well-calibrated interviewer" curse
Why I Program in Go
My Father's "Eviscerated" work - Son of J.R.R. Tolkien finally speaks out
Math notes to take you from one year of college calculus to grad student level
_why's site is back up
Memorizing a programing language using spaced repetition software  
Behind the scenes of the Pirate Bay trial
Mosh: the mobile shell
A year without caffeine (part 2)
Power surges in Britain caused by millions of people making tea [video]
Another awesome US immigration experience
Amazon's top selling laptop doesn't run Windows or Mac OS, it runs Linux
Things I learned by pretending to be blind for a week
Host me in California
Here’s what I learned hanging out with Jason Fried
2012 Personal Annual Report
Show HN: Our alternative to recruiter spam
Web Developer Checklist
No office, no boss, no boundaries – rise of the nomadic rich
Battlecode: MIT's longest-running hardcore programming competition
Favorite Unix Commands
How Tide Detergent Became a Drug Currency
Introducing Contributions
A letter to my daughter, Augusta, in ruby
How I Hacked Facebook’s Secure Files Transfer Service for Employees
Trello celebrates One Million Users
Getting Started With Clojure
Multiple vulnerabilities in parameter parsing in Action Pack
Howdoi – Instant Coding Answers via the Command Line
How To Make Trillions Of Dollars
Systemic traffic jams caused by small groups of drivers, study says
The Best of Kickstarter 2012
The Story of the Ping Program
When EC2 Hardware Changes Underneath You
How Lisp is Going to Save the World
Never Lie About Who You Really Are
Doom3 Gangnam Style in WebGL
Your life's work
Codecademy introduces API lessons with YouTube, SoundCloud, Parse, and more
Pain of the New: The Hobbit at 48 fps
Young People Are Screwed: Here's How To Survive
Why I Won’t Be Using BetaPunch for User Testing
Metasploit Rails 3 Remote Code Execution Hours Away
How to Fold a Julia Fractal
Save your eyes, start using f.lux
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of C
Proposition HN: I will pay $8000 for you to build your side-project/MVP
IBM's Watson Memorized 'Urban Dictionary,' Then His Overlords Had to Delete It
Amazon to Provide CD Buyers With Cloud-Based MP3s For Free
Google Flu Trends
Nokia: Yes, we decrypt your HTTPS data, but don’t worry about it
Monoprice Announces 27-Inch 2560 x 1440 Monitor for $390
Safari is released to the world
Greetings from the Safari team at Apple Computer (2003)
How to implement an algorithm from a scientific paper
Bitcoin exchange hacked via Rails exploit, funds stolen
Devops/Sysadmin Cheatsheet
I want the world to scroll this way
This Isn't the Petition Response You're Looking For
Aaron Swartz commits suicide
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
Let's black bar HN
Cory Doctorow: RIP, Aaron Swartz
If I get hit by a truck...
Why you shouldn't do what Aaron did
Prosecutor as bully
Aaron is dead. From: Tim Berners-Lee
Petition the Whitehouse to remove Carmen Ortiz from office
Aaron's domain registration runs out in Sept. We should archive it in his memory
Aaron Swartz, Precocious Programmer and Internet Activist, Dies at 26
JSTOR torrent
My Aaron Swartz, whom I loved
The Truth About Aaron Swartz's "Crime"
Official Statement from the family and partner of Aaron Swartz
Aaron Swartz, American hero
Jonathan James
1/13 noon at MIT: Protest wrongful prosecution of Aaron Swartz
Academics posting their papers online in tribute to Aaron Swartz
US Attorney Chided Swartz On Day of Suicide
MIT President on Aaron Swartz
Did porn warp me forever?
Petition: require free access to publicly-funded research
A Sad Irony: The Federal Judiciary's PACER Pricing Is Illegal
Why Am I So Upset About Aaron Swartz's Suicide?
The Conscience of a Hacker
An Advanced Guide to HTML and CSS
John Carmack's comment on Doom 3's code style
Aaron Swartz, Asking For Help, 119 Days Ago
How Japanese Kids Learn To Multiply
Remembering Aaron Swartz: Commons man 
Notes on Distributed Systems for Young Bloods
In the Wake of Aaron Swartz's Death, Let's Fix Draconian Computer Crime Law
The Atlantic posts sponsored Scientology story, moderates comments
Design Books Every Hacker Should Read
Plea Bargaining and Torture in light of the Aaron Swartz case
Y Combinator is funding the future of spam in Windows
California To Hit Startup Founders with Big Retroactive Tax Bills
Introducing Graph Search
Petition To Fire Aaron Swartz’ Prosecutor Reaches Goal
Aaron Swartz: The Book That Changed My Life
What No One Told You About Z-Index
Please Stop Attacking MIT's Network
Aaron Swartz's Lawyer: MIT Refused Plea Deal Without Jail Time
Rep. Zoe Lofgren Introduces Aaron's Law [pdf]
Prosecutor pursuing Aaron Swartz linked to suicide of another hacker
iOS Development Tips If You're Just starting Out
US employee 'outsourced job to China'
I conceal my identity the same way Aaron was indicted for
The If-by-whiskey fallacy
Squash
Introducing HelloSign for Gmail
What If Cars Were Rented Like We Hire Programmers?
Thorium Reactors
My Top Sublime Text 2 Plugins
U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz Issues Statement on Aaron Swartz Case
A Mysterious Patch Of Light Shows Up In The North Dakota Dark
I sent a balloon up to capture 360x180 degree imagery/video from 100K feet
What I wish I knew before moving to San Francisco
SSH client in Google Chrome
Our Django Book is Launched
Handling Growth with Postgres
Follow up to "The Unreasonable Effectiveness of C"
A cry for help
Linus says Carmen Ortiz is lying
Twice
A time for silence
Stripe Checkout
U.S. Senator Questions Attorney General about Aaron Swartz
Mathematicians aim to take publishers out of publishing
Nokia releases 3D printing files for Lumia phone cases
Your Mac Keeps A Log Of Your Downloads
ML researcher replies to request to review paper for closed journal
Oculus Rift Will Change Your Gaming World
O'Reilly donating ebook "Open Government" as a tribute to Aaron Swartz
I ported LaTeX to Javascript
Mega has launched
Sophie In North Korea
Carmen Ortiz Strikes Out
Send a Facebook message to anyone's inbox, for free
MIT Legal repudiated Xbox hacker too
Some Notes About Time
We expect too much of geeks
Another Ortiz case
Microsoft hires designer behind "The Next Microsoft", Andrew Kim
Parsley.js: never write a single JavaScript line to validate your forms
So you think you can tell Arial from Helvetica?
Edward Tufte’s defense of Aaron Swartz and the “marvelously different”
Leiningen version 2.0.0 released
Why the Fuck?
Youth expelled from Montreal college after finding security flaw
Why was '~' chosen to represent the home directory?
When Haskell Is Not faster than C
Taking payments online in Europe in 2013
Responsive Web Design – Advanced Lesson
How one man escaped from a North Korean prison camp
Programmer Interrupted
What we discovered about InstallMonetizer
Tron Legacy (2010)
Ortiz says suicide will not change handling of cases
Implore HN: Celebrate and encourage young developers who post here
The End of Ragequitting
iPad Hack Statement Of Responsibility
The joys of having a Forever Project
Show HN: Built a Hacker News radio web app I can listen to
Valve starts promoting Steam for Linux to Windows users
A close look at how Oracle installs deceptive software with Java updates
Getting Started with Django
It’s time all clinical trial results are reported
Finishing what Aaron Swartz started with PACER
Dear brilliant students: Please consider not doing a PhD.
What it's Really Like Working with Steve Jobs
How do keys work? Explained in one Gif
Actual Facebook Graph Searches
Megafail
Steve Jobs' exchange with Palm CEO Ed Colligan
Turning the Raspberry Pi Into an FM Transmitter
Don’t believe everything you read
A Whole New Code Search
Almost Flat Design
Why Everyone Eventually Hates or Leaves Maven
Lemmings 404 page
Namecheap Makes $44,000 Donation to the Electronic Frontier Foundation
What It's Like To Be Ridiculed For Open Sourcing A Project
I'm sorry
An Amaz-ing Resume
"I couldn't really learn Erlang, 'cos it didn't exist, so I invented it"
Alan Cox leaves Linux and Intel
Unlocking Cellphones Becomes Illegal Saturday in the U.S.
How an unsigned rapper changed music
Antigua Government Set to Launch “Pirate” Website To Punish United States
Aleksey Vayner Has Died at 29
Valve Pushes Out Half-Life For Linux
Adioso is reinventing travel search. Check these never-before-possible searches
Aaron's Army
Blowing the Whistle on the Mortgage Bubble
Fuck it, I'll Do This Alone
Google has indexed thousands of publicly accessible HP printers
Meet Watsi, Y Combinator's First Nonprofit
Easy way to build product tours with Bootstrap
The Bicycle Barometer
Google has also indexed thousands of publicly accessible Panasonic webcams
Triumphant motel owner slams Carmen Ortiz
A note from Keith
Swartz didn't face prison until feds took over case, report says
Ask HN: How do you stop regretting?
OXO, Crooks and Robbers?
United States Sentencing Commission website hacked
Show HN: Vinepeek - watch the world in realtime in 6 second snippets
Bill Gates: My Plan to Fix The World's Biggest Problems
How Hotel Reservations Work 
Instagram Asking For Your Government Issued Photo IDs Now, Too
Jonathan Coulton strikes back by re-releasing his own song
MySQL - Do Not Pass This Way Again
A farewell to bioinformatics (2012)
Python Shortcuts for the Python Beginner
We don't know why lithium batteries work
Github SSL replaced by self-signed certificate in China
 How Newegg crushed the “shopping cart” patent and saved online retail
Why do game developers prefer Windows?
The 50 million dollar lie
Building Firefox OS
Mark Zuckerberg's Hoodie
Show HN: My Weekend Hack - Stack-Ed: Learn from the best on StackOverflow
30 pounds in 30 days
How Did the Duck Hunt Gun Work?
Step by step from jQuery to Backbone
Mozilla Recognized as Most Trusted Internet Company for Privacy
Pixels don’t care
DuckDuckGo Architecture - 1 Million Deep Searches a Day and Growing
When Did Americans Lose Their British Accents?
Sublime Text 3 Beta
Brython, Python in the browser
Amazon Elastic Transcoder
For 40 Years, This Russian Family Was Cut Off From All Human Contact
Google Giving Will Provide 15,000 Raspberry Pi's to UK Schools
Turn your browser into a notepad with one line
How the EVE Online Servers Deal with a 3,000 Person Battle
64 GB Surface Pro will only have 23 GB free
Functional thinking: Why functional programming is on the rise
Your Credentials Are Worthless Here
Aaron Swartz
Elon Musk: Boeing 787 battery fundamentally unsafe
Our First Node.js App: Backbone on the Client and Server
Julian Assange to run for Australian Senate
Rubygems.org compromised
Are Placebos Really Sugar Pills?
The sound of the dialup, pictured
Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server will have Git support
High Performance Networking in Google Chrome
Ask HN admins: please stop editing submission titles
Chinese Hackers Infiltrate New York Times Computers
The stupid cookie law is dead at last
Why We Took Cocaine Out of Soda
A Short Rant About Working Remotely
That Daily Shower Can Be a Killer
What The Rails Security Issue Means For Your Startup
Someone got the natural gas report 400 ms early
Amazon's homepage was down
The PNG image file format is now more popular than GIF
Flight: A lightweight, component-based JavaScript framework from Twitter
Trello uses an icon font and so can you
Should we talk about the fact that founder Jody Sherman didn't just die?
Starting a Bike Shop
LLVM Tutorial
Shapecatcher: Draw the Unicode character you want
Iceland Kicked Out FBI Agents Who Flew in Unannounced to Investigate WikiLeaks
Egghead.io - short screencasts about AngularJS
Mojang's Monster Profits
OpenSource Nano Quadcopter Kit
Apps? No root? Your device serves others, warns Berners-Lee
MIT can honor Aaron Swartz by fighting to make journals open to everyone
Bill Gates Says There Is Something Perverse In College Ratings
Why We Still Believe in Working Remotely
How to land an airplane if you are not a pilot
Twitter Hacked – 250,000 User Accounts Potentially Compromised
Do Not Type "File:///" in OS X
Blank screen if kids yell too much
Docracy Terms of Service Tracker
How a Boat-Plane Hybrid Shattered the Sound Barrier of Sailing
Show HN: Multiplayer Snake in Go
How A Pull Request Rocked My World
What to do about GNU?
Creator Of The X-Plane Flight Simulator Seeks Help Fighting A Patent Troll
Why police lie under oath
AT&T Will Force Your Data Plan For Your Unlocked Out-of-Contract "Smart" Phone
On Python security amidst recent Rails/YAML vulnerabilities
C++ containers that save memory and time
The Meditations of Marcus Aurelius
We should only work 25 hours a week, argues professor
No, I'm not going to download your bullshit app
Speaking up
Show HN: hint.css – a tooltip library in CSS
Massive glacier collapse
Use long flags when scripting
I’m Tired Of Companies Ripping off our site, So I’m Calling Them Out
Group of Men Have Played Game of Tag for 23 Years
Hello Chrome, it’s Firefox calling
Hello Firefox, this is Chrome calling
Evasi0n iOS 6.x jailbreak
Show HN: Pick a better background pattern for your website
Why does Google append while(1); in front of their JSON responses?
Someone Just Leaked Obama's Rules for Assassinating American Citizens
GoDaddy deletes my domains and charges me to restore them
YouCompleteMe, a Fast, As-You-Type, Fuzzy-Search Code Completion Engine for Vim
Petition: Stop bundling crapware with Java
48th Mersenne prime found
Announcing MoSQL
Civilized Discourse Construction Kit
Our path to $1M in sales
Tesla's ingenious strategy
Host webpages on Google Drive
Four Hours of Concentration
Site plagiarizes blog posts, then files DMCA takedown on originals
Employees leave managers, not companies
Remember when people tracked bugs?
In the future, all space marines will be Warhammer 40K space marines
Announcing Topaz: A New Ruby
Packets of Death
Play framework 2.10 released
Show HN: Chime - A Notification Center for the Web
First impressions of Leap Motion
Microsoft looking to release Office for Linux in 2014
Multicolor image search
Easy 6502
Why don't websites immediately display their text these days?
What happened with LEGO
Go and Assembly
jQuery.payment
Civil Disobedience
Farewell, neighbors
Wizard Modals for Bootstrap
Surface Pro versus MacBook Air: Who's being dishonest with storage space?
The result of pinging all the Internet IP addresses
Mercator Puzzle
Bootstrap 2.3 Released
Fabrice Bellard: Portrait of a super-productive programmer (2011)
Steve Heymann Should Be Fired
Balancing text for better readability
Don Rosa: Why I Quit
Why there is no Hitchhiker’s Guide to Mathematics for Programmers
Airbnb Annual
Herd Immunity Demonstration
Applications open for summer 2013 YC funding
I made $200K and PayPal locked my account
Curiosity images strange metallic-looking object on Mars
Next Time Your Mom Says Don't Go Out in The Rain, Spray Yourself With This 
The Star Wars Route: Do a traceroute to 216.81.59.173
CSS 3D Clouds
I’m Sick of Tiny, Tiny Type
Meet Kirsty Nathoo, Y Combinator’s Secret Financial And Operational Weapon
Star Wars Traceroute - How I did it
How to Learn JavaScript Properly
Pixel Art Tutorial
I am under surveillance by Canadian agents, my computer has been backdoored
A ‘frighteningly ambitious’ way to improve email
Why I Like Go
75-year-old soybean farmer sees Monsanto lawsuit reach U.S. Supreme Court
Mathics - A free, light-weight alternative to Mathematica
Rel="logo" (2011)
The Importance of Excel
Why Discourse uses Ember.js
At Facebook, zero-day exploits, backdoor code bring war games drill to life
It's all who you know?
The Promise of Firefox OS
Realtime Responsive Typography Based on Viewing Distance via Webcam
In 2005 Motorola Tried to Sue Me For Unlocking Phones
I’m Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. AMA
Elon Musk calls NYT review of the Tesla Model S ‘fake,’ citing vehicle log data
The Best Entrepreneurs Are Older, Have Less Ego
Flat Pixels
Yours vs. Mine
Write More Classes
Bitcoins can now be used to pay for Domino’s Pizza
Web Development: A Crazy World
Linode vs. DigitalOcean – performance benchmarks
Google Fails the Turing Test
A warning to college profs from a high school teacher
Show HN: a web-based xkcd-style comix editor
Incredible Secret Money Machine
Email transparency
Stupid, Stupid xBox
DuckTales invented a new animated wonderland—that quickly disappeared
Opera moves to WebKit
Introducing The Paper Bay
It is cheaper to fly to US than buy Adobe software in Australia
WebKit is the jQuery of Browser Engines
Markdown.css – make HTML look like plain-text
Heroku's Ugly Secret: The story of how the cloud-king turned its back on Rails
Inventing Chromebook
16×16 Pixel Art Tutorial
Psilocybin shows success in medical trials
Why It's Time to Break the Code of Silence at the Airport
I Was a Political Prisoner at Birth in North Korea
I'd like to use the web my way, thank you very much Quora
A Most Peculiar Test Drive
Disqus bait and switch, now with ads
Python trademark at risk in Europe
Elon Musk's Data Doesn't Back Up His Claims of New York Times Fakery
The United States Redrawn as Fifty States with Equal Population
The Street Kids of San Francisco
Official Steam client for Ubuntu released
That Tesla Data: What It Says and What It Doesn’t
Heroku - Bamboo Routing Performance
Deep Inside: A Study of 10,000 Pornstars and Their Careers
Meteorite crash in Russia
Why Mozilla Matters
Ten predictions (2004)
Introducing Boxen
Russian meteor largest in a century
Posterous will turn off on April 30
Posterous cofounders create a replacement: Posthaven
Obama Calls for Patent Reform to Topple Trolls
HN will be down Saturday morning while we switch servers
Death in Singapore
Heroku Blog: Routing Performance Update
BBC Attacks the Open Web, GNU/Linux in Danger
BBC demands DRM for HTML5
Learn Git Branching
QEMU 1.4.0 released with 95% of native IO performance
Mega update: Dotcom's service now accepts Bitcoin
Solve the Problems Your Parents Have
Bankers now Too Big to Jail
Browser Wars, the game
A gallery of interesting IPython Notebooks
The Free Universal Construction Kit
Ask HN: Tools of the trade, 2013 edition
Your Lifestyle Has Already Been Designed
Halo Creator Unveils Its Next Masterpiece, a Persistent Online World 
There Are Giant Camera Resolution Test Charts Scattered Across the US
What it's like to uncover a $1 billion fraud
Money Trees – Rap Genius Response to Heroku
So what happened to the HN server?
Why I Retired From Apple
Show HN: What colour is your IP address?
A nice, little known C feature: Static array indices in parameter declarations
Why HN was down
Making $1 million from affiliate links on "Ad-Free" blog
WebSocket proxy support added to nginx trunk
Diablo in JavaScript
Beej's Guide to Network Programming
Using Silk Road
Sergey Brin, Please Pick up your Paychecks
AWS OpsWorks - Flexible Application Management in the Cloud Using Chef
Hello. I'm a compiler
What Does 200 Calories Look Like?
Vim After 11 Years
Nginx now supports Websockets
Ubuntu on tablets
Good sleep, good learning, good life
Using SimCity to diagnose my home town's traffic problem
Poll: Would HN benefit from Reddit's AMA-style posts from technologists?
A Most Peculiar Test Drive – Follow Up
How we hacked Facebook with OAuth2 and Chrome bugs
Google Glass - If I Had Glass
Google Glass
Business in a Box
Firefox introduces PDF viewer
I'm a shut-in. This is my story
The StarCraft path-finding hack
Dolphins Call Each Other By Name
HN is 6 today.  Here's traffic since the beginning
The Truth about a Failing Startup
LivingSocial: Employees' and Founders' Common Stock Now Worthless
How To Make a Quick Buck
Sony Pirates KDE Artwork
Google has killed Android (the brand)
Petition to make unlocking phones legal again passes 100,000 signatures
The Chromebook Pixel
The Play Framework at LinkedIn
Throwing and catching an inverted pendulum with quadrocopters
X86 MMU fault handling is turing complete
The Net Is a Waste of Time (1996)
LaTeX Templates
The Department of Homeland Security Stole My Boat Today
Domain Knowledge or a Lack Thereof
Why we don't hire programmers based on puzzles and tricks
The babies who nap in sub-zero temperatures
Spotify and Facebook: Is that phishing?
Go as an alternative to Node.js for Very Fast Servers
John Carmack: Latency Mitigation Strategies
Debuggex: A visual regex debugger 
Increasing Public Access to the Results of Scientific Research
Yahoo CEO Mayer Now Requiring Employees to Not Be Remote
The Next SourceForge
Your Tumblr is broken. Fix it.
"River" detection in text
The Serenity of a 5pm Bedtime
If you ever feel alone in this...
Saturn's North Pole Is A Hexagon, And No One Knows Why
Ask HN: A patent troll is targeting my transit app
TOML, Tom's Own Markup Language
Why are there no true cross-platform filesystems?
Drone ‘Nightmare Scenario’ Now Has A Name: ARGUS
Ruby 2.0.0 Released
Bootstrapping a Software Product
Stop Writing REST API Clients
Mobile Operators Announce Commitment to Firefox OS
Why Use Make
How to stop Time Warner Cable sucking at Youtube
Dwarf Fortress: Ten hours with the most inscrutable video game of all time
The MS Surface Pro
Literate CoffeeScript
Is speed reading really possible? 
No more remote work at Yahoo
The Extraordinary Science of Addictive Junk Food
How to build a news app that never goes down and costs you practically nothing
The best programmers are the quickest to Google
A closer look at the performance of Google Chrome
Three CSS features you need to know about
Ruby on Rails 4.0.0.beta1 released
Why a one-room West Virginia library runs a $20,000 Cisco router
Google Chrome may soon get audio indicators to show you noisy tabs
How Valve hires, how it fires, and how much it pays 
Aaron Swartz Was Targeted by Feds Over His Activism
DOJ Admits Aaron's Prosecution Was Political
Zuck, Bill Gates, Jack Dorsey In Short Film To Inspire Kids To Learn How To Code
Apple’s Deleting iCloud Emails That Contain The Phrase 'Barely Legal Teens'
Django 1.5 released
Digital audio signals and how they really behave [video]
Bandwidth needs halved by new compression written in Go
Introducing Google+ Sign-In: simple and secure, minus the social spam
Aerial photography ban proposed for all but government
Simple user styles for popular websites
Code.org – Dedicated to growing computer programming education
Don't Buy the Snake Oil of Beamr Video
Issue 8788 - Every day around 9 AM Brussels time, huge drop in GAE performance
Bomberman massively multiplayer in HTML5
How I Fired Myself
Help Fight Patent Trolls – Support the SHIELD Act
Politicians want “loser pays” rule for patent trolls
Ang Lee and the uncertainty of success
HTML5 localStorage allows sites to fill up users' hard disks
Scientists Uncover Invisible Motion in Video
WebKit for Developers
A new Light Table experience
Why was my email leaked?
We Found Our Son in the Subway
Andrew Mason's statement about being fired as Groupon CEO
Resurgence of Neural Networks
Name.com hijacks non-existent subdomains and redirects to their servers
The Story of Bageshwori, Watsi's First Patient
Zurb Launches Foundation 4
Hackathons are bad for you
Stripe launches beta in the UK
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (March 2013)
Why Python, Ruby, and Javascript are Slow
Heroku Fucking Console
Establishing secure connection
Phishing Has Gotten Very Good
Clojure 1.5
How Search Works
Show HN: Tiled Text – a Different Approach to Editing Text
The Coolest Experience I Had as an Apple Store Employee
The Lightning Digital AV Adapter Surprise
The Rise Of The Artist
Why Watching DVDs on Linux is Illegal in the USA
Evernote hacked
The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan
Postgres: The Bits You Haven't Found
What Coke Contains
Bradley Manning’s Statement
Stack Overflow ranks #2 for Google Search for "Stack Overflow"
How not to send password reset notification email
What the smartest people do on the weekend, everyone else will do in 10 years
(Presumably) Apple engineer comment on Lightning AV adapter design
What I’ve learned from 35 years of wearing computerized eyewear
Today's Outage Post Mortem
The Apprentice Programmer
How Ink Is Made
SpaceX Dragon successfully docks with International Space Station
HIV-Infected Infant Cured With Early Use of AIDS Drugs
Programming Is Not for Everybody
How I spend my first 5 minutes on a server
Commit that changed my life
Virtual lane graphics for swimming with CSS3
The Pirate Bay is now hosted in North Korea
Ubuntu will switch from X window server to Mir
White House Response to “Make Unlocking Cell Phones Legal”
JS roguelike game: The Royal Wedding
CoffeeScript 1.6.0 released with support for source maps
Adderall Addiction: The Last All-Nighter
Making the travel site people want, even if it’s impossible
Flat UI: Free Web User Interface Kit
Namecheap now officially accepts Bitcoin
Ask HN: Webdevs, designers: what devtools should we (Mozilla) build in Firefox?
Why American Eggs Would Be Illegal In A British Supermarket, And Vice Versa
Vim Git Gutter
Hacker News Parody Thread
A Day in the Life of a Freelance Journalist
Show HN: Increase your productivity with ambient noise
The Humble Bundle with Android 5
Google Says the FBI Is Secretly Spying on Some of Its Customers
Play by Your Own Rules
Letter from Steve Wozniak to a high school student in Korea
Show HN: QR Codify, The Most Useful Snippet I've Ever Written
Breaking down Amazon's mega dropdown
LayerVault Sends DMCA Takedown Letter re Flat-UI
Show HN: 6 months ago I quit my job to pursue indie dev. Here is our first game
Fix the DMCA
EmberJS Confuses Me
Rand Paul filibustering over drones
Introducing Sodium, a new cryptographic library
Consumer key/secret for official Twitter clients
Unix tricks
Salary Negotiations: What is Possible When There's no More Money
Could the eagles have flown Frodo into Mordor? (2000)
Linode Nextgen: The Network
Amazon stops selling Sim City V over game issues
Google Docs makes it easy to do market research
Why are payment forms so complicated?
Pixar’s Rules of Storytelling
Facebook's New Feed
EA refuses to refund user for SimCity, threatens account ban
Flat UI DCMA Takedown
The Professor, the Bikini Model and the Suitcase Full of Trouble
Days since last known Java 0-day exploit
Lord British launches “Shroud of the Avatar” on Kickstarter
SimCity Burning: A Warning to Publishers on The Dangers of Always-Online DRM
How to "open" a microchip and what's inside?
Flat UI, mirrored
Coding Cloud Heroku May Face Lawsuit Over Bait-and-Switch Claims
9th Circuit Appeals Court: 4th Amendment Applies At The Border
Extreme debugging - a tale of microcode and an oven
Physicists Discover a Whopping 13 New Solutions to Three-Body Problem
Hacking Github with Webkit
 Apartments So Small They Can Only Be Photographed From Above
Some dark corners of C
Thank you HN, sorry HN
30 Weeks of Game Development
Here come the encryption apps
Twitter? It’s Not Fun Anymore
On being a girl in computer science - a confession
Why I created Comic Sans
Require companies to use the term "licensing" instead of "buying" with DRM goods
Bootstrap 3 preview 
Chess CAPTCHA
The hypocrisy in Silicon Valley's big talk on innovation
WebGL Terrain Flyover Demo
Web Scraping 101 with Python
Zombie Startups
Dad hacks Donkey Kong for his daughter; Pauline now saves Mario
Men who spy on women through their webcams
The Fireplace Delusion
Releasing my book "Hacking the Xbox" as a free PDF in honor of Aaron Swartz
Why I'm switching back to Firefox
Astrobiologists Find Ancient Fossils in Meteorite Fragments
Show HN: Save Memory in Google Chrome
Show HN: Incorporate your startup online with YC's forms (built by two lawyers)
LinkedIn is a Virus
Python at Netflix
Node v0.10.0 (Stable)
Bitcoin blockchain issue - Mt Gox Bitcoin deposits temporarily suspended
Ask PG: Comments are not working?
Confessions of A Job Destroyer
What's up with HN?
Automatic: Your Smart Driving Assistant
O’Reilly Media Has Lost Its Soul
Official Hacker News T-Shirt
First 5 Minutes Troubleshooting A Server
Clojure: All grown up
Come and help save Posterous from oblivion
How We Went from 30 Servers to 2: Go
Maxis Insider: SimCity Servers Not Necessary
Lousy web design trends that are making a comeback due to HTML5
Update from the CEO
This Man Thinks He Never Has to Eat Again
We'll Be Circling Back
Google Reader shutting down
Code Reads
Civil Liberties Groups Speak Out Against CISPA in Lead Up to Hearings
How I Hacked Any Facebook Account Again
SimCity’s Sims Don’t Seem That Smart After All
Yes `yes no`
Wealth, risk, and stuff
What I Learned from a Sex-Crazed Short-Order Cook
Google removes AdBlock for Android from Google Play
Physicists Say They Have Found A Higgs Boson
The Handshake Deal Protocol
Bulletproof demos using Chrome's playback mode
Not Lisp again (2009)
Google: Do what you want with Reader, but don't kill CalDAV
Baby steps toward replacing Google Reader
Huginn, an Open Source IFTTT / Yahoo Pipes
The Ultimate Guide to Dropshipping
Procrastination is Not Laziness
Show HN: Weekend project, Intro.js
Mailbox Is Joining Dropbox
Federal Judge Finds National Security Letters Unconstitutional, Bans Them
Dropbox Acquires Mailbox
What it’s like to die
Programming Cheat Sheets
Google backslides on federated instant messaging, on purpose?
Google is about to learn a tough lesson
Smart Guy Productivity Pitfalls
Google Kills Its RSS Subscription Browser Extension Too
What do grad students in math do all day?
My Amazon bestseller made me nothing
More than 500,000 Google Reader users have joined Feedly in the past 48 hours
The danger of the trailing dot in the domain name
The Internet is a surveillance state
Tell HN: My Web App has 13 Users
Sublime Text 2 Web Inspector
The 3-year old "Implement RSS natively in Chrome" bug just changed to "WontFix"
The Matrix in JavaScript in less than 600 bytes
ViziCities Dev Diary #1: Visualising Cities in 3D using WebGL
TechCrunch Pump n Dump
Python.org Redesign Preview
I'm a loser and I want to change that - now
Computer Science in Vietnam
So You Want To Be A Breaker, Part 1: Web Security
Three Months to Scale NewsBlur
Chart.js - open source HTML5 charting library
Bills seek end to farm animal abuse videos
First-person Tetris
Future of Firefox DevTools
Checkboxes that kill your product
Fizz Buzz: Enterprise Edition
Show HN: XKCD-inspired StackSort
Async I/O for Python 3 
EA CEO John Riccitiello Steps Down
Two Months of Soylent
US Treasury Guidance on Virtual Currencies (aka Bitcoins)
Resistor hack turns a Nvidia GTX690 into a Quadro K5000 or Tesla K10
An apology to open source
Why I left Google (2012)
Supreme Court sides with student in case over textbooks
Chart.js is back online
Goodbye, Malcolm
Uncovering an advertising fraud scheme (NSFW) (2011)
Free works
Diamonds Are Bullshit
Announcing Backbone.js 1.0
"Getting started with Ember.Js is easy." - No it isn't
Show HN: Webflow - Design responsive websites visually
You just went to the Google homepage. What actually happened?
Users don't like social login
Benefits matter, or why I won't work for your Y Combinator startup
The PyCon Incident
Voyager 1 has left the solar system
Sorry Google; you can Keep it to yourself
Chrome World Wide Maze
PyCon Code of Conduct changed to avoid public shaming
I’m done with the web
Official comment from HN on dead threads
What happens when the Secret Service uses a NSL on you
SendGrid Fires Company Evangelist After Twitter Fracas
Adria Richards, PyCon, and How We All Lost
A Difficult Situation
Wherein SFPD is still going surveillance-nutty
HipChat is now free for teams of 5 users or fewer
Asm.js in Firefox Nightly
Orin Kerr: Why I Am Representing Auernheimer Pro Bono on Appeal
What really happened at PyCon 2013
Fork My Dongle
Why Ruby?
Schema Migrations for Django
Show HN: Heap is a new approach to analytics. Just capture everything
Unfit for work
Hacker News For Africa
Google killed me
Tell W3C: We don't want the Hollyweb
Gitlab 5.0 released, Gitolite now gone
The Rejection Book: Good luck, bad luck, who knows?
How To Hire Me (or any other programmer)
Changes to the Blog
Dirt may explain why richest countries suffer diseases rarely seen anywhere else
Embrace, extend, extinguish: How Google crushed and abandoned the RSS industry
Ask HN: Does anyone know what's going on at Coinbase?
Show HN: Bateman, a stock trading system I'm working on
Brains of the Animal Kingdom: Research shows we've underestimated
 Blocked Sites is discontinued
Linus on Oregon HB 2748 and US education in general
How to solve the problem that the topmost comments get all upvotes
Chrome Inspector Detector
Too Perfect a Mirror
The Flask Mega-Tutorial
A scientific accident that could change the world
I Bought A Firetruck
Introduction to Machine Learning
Python data tools just keep getting better
Why Use Nginx?
Poll: Do you meditate?
Show HN: My side project – Do I need a visa for...?
Learning JavaScript - my experience and advice
Checkout github pull requests locally
‘Functional Programming Principles in Scala’ starts today
Can We Stop Drawing Trees on Top of Skyscrapers?
How Google Sliced Away Our Knife Ads
Firefox getting smarter about third-party cookies
Show HN: Framebase.io, Video for Developers
An idea for non-technical co-founders: try a service-first business
Arch Linux: MariaDB replaces MySQL in repositories
Introduction to Go 1.1
The Summly deal makes no sense
How the Maker of TurboTax Fought Free, Simple Tax Filing
The power of the RSS reader
What's Actually Wrong with Yahoo's Purchase of Summly
Docker, the Linux container runtime: now open-source
Persona is distributed. Today.
21 Nested Callbacks
A lot of free programming ebooks
Issue 224182 - chromium - Chrome wakes me up in the middle of the night
Dashing - A dashboard framework
Take pride or fuck it
Global Internet slows after 'biggest attack in history'
The DDoS that almost broke the Internet
Mozilla and Epic Announce Unreal Engine for the Web
Ƀ — Universal Bitcoin Logo Alternative
Rails' Insecure Defaults
Paypal To Drop VMware From 80,000 Servers and Replace It With OpenStack
Joe Armstrong: Solving the wrong problem
DARPA gives $3M to Continuum Analytics to improve Python for big data
Three.js editor
Frustrated with iCloud, Apple’s developer community speaks up
Web Framework Benchmarks
The language of Vim
Judge Says Mathematical Algorithms Can’t Be Patented
A Note from one of Cloudflare's upstream providers
Extra security measures for next week's releases
Why Asm.js Bothers Me
Amazon Acquires Social Reading Site Goodreads
Simple Minecraft Clone in 580 lines of Python
What Being a Handyman Has Taught Me About Male Insecurity
A new blog dedicated to Emacs
ZFS on Linux 0.6.1 released: Ready for wide scale deployment
Mystery Malady Kills More Bees, Heightening Worry on Farms
tmux 1.8 Released
Ask PG: Did the "apply to YC without an idea" experiment work?
The Ouya works, it’s here, and it’s heading your way
Bitcoin Hits $1 Billion
"Attrition is a group statistic. It doesn't apply to me."
The Lie Hollywood Loves to Tell
Two Letters from Steve Jobs
If Only I Knew This Shit in College
What Major World Cities Look Like at Night, Minus the Light Pollution
Introduction to Guitar
Lessons Learned from YouTube’s $300M Hole
Worst CAPTCHA Ever
Standups are Not Poisonous
Effective Django
Callbacks are imperative, promises are functional
Problems with the TSA
Building Photoshop 1.0
What technical reasons are there to have low maximum password lengths?
PostgreSQL as Schemaless Database [pdf]
Show HN: An anonymous P2P social network for Android, written in Clojure
The Ivy League Was Another Planet
Google Maps: “Treasure Map” mode
Online Education's Dirty Secret - Awful Retention
Listen to Bitcoin
Kiln
Google Maps One-Hand Zoom on iPhone
Tell HN: Flag PR "April fools pranks"
Tesla Model S Sales Exceed Target
India Supreme Court rejects Novartis' right to patent new version of cancer drug
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (April 2013)
Bitcoin exchange rate reached $100 USD per BTC
Making a Physical Product
Interns: Everything you need to know about a summer in the Bay Area in one place
Appeals court upholds legality of Aereo’s “tiny antennas” scheme
A game when games were new
Dear HN "Who's Hiring" responders
Check you're wearing trousers first
Netcat – The swiss army knife of networking
We call ourselves innovators, but most of us are really just iterators
I'm disappointed by Instacart
Helios
Tesla Unveils New Finance Product
Explicit vs. Clever
Show HN: Cap'n Proto, by the ex-maintainer of Protocol Buffers
Comcast injecting JS
A Personal Statement from Iain Banks
Teenager Who Reads News Online? According to the DoJ, You May Be a Criminal
Mozilla and Samsung Collaborate on Next Generation Web Browser Engine
Disney Shuts Down LucasArts
Stop working so hard
Blink: A rendering engine for the Chromium project
If the Earth were 100 pixels wide
Asm.js: The JavaScript Compile Target
Answering your questions about Heroku routing and web performance
The Jellyfish Entrepreneur
Google going its own way, forking WebKit rendering engine
Stop externalising your life
Valve's GDC Talk: Porting Source to Linux [pdf]
PostgreSQL 9.2.4, 9.1.9, 9.0.13 and 8.4.17 released
Facebook Home
Roger Ebert dies at 70 after battle with cancer
Why Rackspace Is Suing The Most Notorious Patent Troll In America
The new sandbox: open-source and self-hosted
Apple's iMessage encryption trips up feds' surveillance
Learn Vimscript the Hard Way
Association between muscular strength and mortality in men (2008) [pdf]
Media Queries are a Hack
Facebook Home destroys any notion of privacy
Are Bitcoins The Future?
The Story Of A Failed Startup And A Founder Driven To Suicide
URLs are for People, not Computers
New GitHub Pages domain: github.io
Something is burning in the server room; how can I quickly identify what it is?
Introduction to x64 Assembly
In Search of the Cookie Dough Tree
Nobody Knows That I Use These Apps
Firefox Nightly Gets New Baseline JIT Compiler
Extracting Audio from Pictures of Gramophone Recordings
Dell/Alienware release Ubuntu gaming desktop
My Code made it to a Hollywood Movie
French homeland intelligence threatens a sysop into deleting a Wikipedia Article
Don't use Linksys routers
Experience the Apollo 11 Lunar Landing
What can I do for Mozilla
Google Paid This Man $100 Million
How I Busted a Thief Who Tried to Sell My Camera on Craigslist 
Why does this png display differently in Chrome/Firefox than in Safari/IE?
Donating my Xbox
Our tiny jQuery/Bootstrap rich text editor is now open-source
Lessig: Why Washington is corrupt
Geocities Bootstrap Theme
Don't Copy-Paste from Website to Terminal
GoPy – Extend CPython by writing Go
How a banner ad for H&R Block appeared on Apple.com without Apple’s OK
Wikileaks release "PlusD": Database of 1.7 million diplomatic cables
Taping of Farm Cruelty Is Becoming the Crime
Ask HN: What's the best technical talk you've heard?
Git koans
Shodan: The scariest search engine on the Internet
From Selling Scoops of Ice Cream to Founding ZeroCater
Disney have stolen my artwork
Hoodie: very fast web app development
Realtime Bitcoin Stats
The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown
Top Reasons I like Postgres Over SQL Server
How to share your data effectively
Firefox 23 will block non-SSL content on SSL pages by default
New Persona Beta: Millions of Users Ready to Log In using Any Browser
Dear YC companies, I responded. You could do the same.
Google Fiber’s Next Stop: Austin, Texas
AppGratis pulled from the App Store. Here’s the full story
Linode NextGen: RAM Upgrade
Teach Yourself Programming in Ten Years (2001)
XKCD: Time
AT&T Pretends It, Too, Will Build A 1 Gigabit Network 
How can we get Google Support?
Obfuscated C Code Contest 2006. Please explain sykes2.c
Lulu: Sexist gossip about men you know, anonymously, without their permission.
Mendeley users revolt against Elsevier takeover
Csscss: a CSS redundancy analyzer that analyzes redundancy
Bitcoin falls from $266
Hummingbird – A fresh take on music notation
IRS claims it can read your e-mail without a warrant
The Tyranny of Taxi Medallions
Github turns five
I skateboarded 85km from Sydney to Wollongong. It took me 12 hours
Google Street View Hyperlapses [video]
A non-mathematical explanation of one way functions
How I got robbed of 34 btc on Mt.Gox today
Stolen From Apple
Hijacking airplanes with an Android phone
You know, Google, the web already had this feature
I've got 10 btc for the best CoffeeScript/JavaScript Nodewar bot
Amazon Coins Launching
How Dave Goldberg Built a Billion-Dollar Business and Still Gets Home By 5:30 PM
My Startup Failed. Fuck.
Zerocoin: making Bitcoin anonymous
Poll: What is your age? 
StarWars + Git logs = StarLogs
Abolish The Patent, Vanquish The Troll
My Time at Lehman
_why's site is updated
AppGratis Is Nothing More Than A Black Hat Marketing Company
Quake 3 engine in Rust
Console.log with style
The exploding toilet
Keeping People
We used to sleep twice each night
Single page apps in depth
Want to Block Common Passwords? Sorry, That is Patented
Solar panels could destroy U.S. utilities, according to U.S. utilities
India’s elites have a ferocious sense of entitlement
Exposed Webcam Viewer
Obama Campaign AWS Infrastructure In One Diagram
What's Going On (on "Why Python, Ruby, and Javascript are Slow")
Hal Finney: Bitcoin and me
Show HN: vim-multiple-cursors - True Sublime Text style multiple selection
Mozilla TowTruck – real-time collaboration on any site
The Queen’s stylesheets
Things I Won't Work With: Dioxygen Difluoride
What I Wish I Knew When Learning Haskell
Ask HN: Why would a government have created bitcoin?
Programmer Creates An AI To (Not Quite) Beat NES Games
News is bad for you – and giving up reading it will make you happier
Gitmo Is Killing Me
You should blog even if you have no readers
Show HN: I'm building an open-source, high-frequency trading system
How to work with Software Engineers
Why your games are made by childless, 31 year old white men
Linode hacked, CCs and passwords leaked
How much usage can a Lego piece take before it loses its 'clutch power'?
Explosions near Boston Marathon finish line
Scaling Pinterest - From 0 to 10s of Billions of Page Views a Month in Two Years
Women, Tech Conferences and the Bullshit Surrounding It
Person Finder: Boston Marathon Explosions
If you're in Boston without phone service, use this website to call your family
The Boston Marathon Bombing: Keep Calm and Carry On
Webcam Pulse Detector
Security incident update
If I Made Another Monkey Island...
Parallella, a $99 Linux Supercomputer
Researchers Finally Replicated Reinhart-Rogoff, and There Are Serious Problems
What is the rule for adjective order?
New GitHub Logo
Your First iOS App – 100% Programmatically
The bomb that changed my life (2011)
1Password GPU brute-force with 3M hash/s
Data journalism busts speeding cops, wins Pulitzer
What happens when you give 4chan images of the Boston Marathon?
If It Ain't Broke, Don't Fix It: Ancient Computers in Use Today
How We Bootstrapped a $20K Website into a $4M/year Business  
Google Fiber announced for Provo, Utah
Ember 101: Learn Ember One Video at a Time
The most useful thing in bash
Samsung admits to posting fake user reviews on the web
Things I Wish I Had Known About Django Development Before Starting My Company
How to become Internet famous for $68
The Well Deserved Fortune of Satoshi Nakamoto, Bitcoin creator
"Asswipe," replied Yahoo's server. That's when I knew I had it
Reddit co-founder calls out Google, Twitter, Facebook over CISPA
Never Say WordPress When Selling a Web Design Project
CISPA Passes in the House - Full Roll Call
I dropped over 40 grand when I could have spent $100
Obama threatens veto of CISPA bill
JQuery 2.0 Released
The Matasano Crypto Challenges
Shots fired at MIT - report of an active shooter near Bldg. 32 (Stata)
Transcript of meeting between Julian Assange and Google CEO Eric Schmidt
I Knew a Programmer Who Went Completely Insane
What happens when you wring out a washcloth in space [video]
Could HN stop participating in the witchhunt?
Bing doesn't support SSL
_why's complete printer spool as one book [pdf]
We've Open-sourced Rendr
Girl Scouts to introduce game developer badge
Ack 2.0 has been released
You are not Steve Jobs
Physicist proposes new way to think about intelligence
CipherCloud used DMCA Takedown on StackExchange discussion of their cryptography
Why Should I Care That No One’s Reading Dzhokhar Tsarnaev His Miranda Rights?
Verlet-js - Open source dynamic body physics engine
Linux on an 8-bit micro
Razer will not cancel 90%-off test coupons
Mystery Aircraft Parts and Atomic Clocks
Breaking News is broken
Cognitive Overhead, Or Why Your Product Isn’t As Simple As You Think
Factor 0.96 now available – over 1,100 commits
Show HN: jsdares – learning programming visually
The Last Question
What's Tylenol Doing to Our Minds?
Ruby is too slow for programming competitions
VSRE: very short reply expected (netiquette)
 In India, 'no frills' hospitals offer $800 heart surgery
The Clown Car Technique for Responsive Images
Writing device drivers in Linux: A brief tutorial (2006)
Expunging Google
What Broke My Father's Heart (2010)
“Working Too Hard And Not Getting Anywhere”
Geeksphone's Firefox OS smartphones go on sale tomorrow
Why developers are leaving the Facebook platform
Sleep: Everything You Need to Know
Connecting an iPad retina LCD to a PC
Papers, Please: A Dystopian Document Thriller
Grad Student Who Took Down Reinhart and Rogoff Explains Why They're Wrong
Dumped by Google
Netflix now bigger than HBO
Tearable Cloth Simulation in JavaScript
The Power Of Silence: Why The SimCity Story Went Away
SpaceX Grasshopper Flies High
“Right click and save as” needs to go away
Postgres on the GPU
BitTorrent’s Secure Dropbox Alternative Goes Public
TraceGL: JavaScript code flow visualisation in WebGL
Is It Journalism, or Just a Repackaged Press Release? Here's a Tool to Help
My First Year in the App Store
Coding, Fast and Slow: Developers and the Psychology of Overconfidence
The W3C's plan for DRM in HTML5 is a betrayal for all web users
The AI Systems of "Left 4 Dead" [pdf]
Show HN: Usability checklist – catch common problems before user testing
Wish I was here by Zach Braff
Introduction to Position Based Fluids
Spark Capital will now pay their own legal bills
Nginx-1.4.0 stable version has been released
Everything you need to understand to start with AngularJS
Aaron Swartz Documentary – The Internet's Own Boy
Failed Startup's Final Income Statements Reveal Grave Error
Do Elite Colleges Discriminate Against Asians?
Shame.css
“What part of Milner-Hindley do you not understand?”
Ubuntu 13.04 Raring Ringtail Released
Twitter Should Shut Me Down
Facebook buys Parse
Pirate Bay Finds Safe Haven in Iceland, Switches to .IS Domain
Why I Let My Students Cheat On Their Exam
Massive deposit of lithium found in Wyoming could meet all U.S. demand
Speed up your sites with PageSpeed for Nginx
Soylent Month Three
CISPA 'dead' in Senate, privacy concerns cited
The next generation of Instapaper
Uber Stockholm throw a PR-tantrum when refused unfair advantages
I knew exactly how she felt
#ifihadglass I would jailbreak it and modify the software
Why Sleep Deprivation Eases Depression
This is what a DDoS attack looks like
Killer escaped prison after being issued picture of master key
JQuery Annotated Source
Is this what it’s supposed to feel like?
How D3 Selections Work
Creating a Radial Menu in CSS
Meet Mr. Money Mustache, the man who retired at 30
The Biggest Price-Fixing Scandal Ever
Obsession
Elixir, a functional metaprogramming-aware language built on the Erlang VM
Lessons learned defying Joel Spolsky with Django
Transporting the CIA A-12 Blackbird to Area 51
Why I am building a product with a tiny market
Korean Beauty Contestants – Face Morphing
After 25 years in jail, the Internet blew my mind 
If this were a pill, you’d do anything to get it
Here is today
Icelandic Pirate Party enters parliament
Skype account hijack technique may affect all users
Collection of the best fonts for programming
Get that job at Facebook (2012)
I made an example app to show how Google map URLs should look
Pirates playing a game dev simulator complain about piracy
The //* /*/ //*/ comment toggle trick
How I coded in 1985
Older Is Wiser: Study Shows Software Developers’ Skills Improve Over Time
Google Now on your iPhone and iPad
Hurricane on Saturn
 Google releases Glass source code, declares platform open to hackers
Popular Websites Displayed in IE 5
How I attacked a fellow student
My former employer Opera Software has filed a lawsuit against me
Black Start
Please use git pull --rebase
Avoiding Burnout
Why SICP Matters
Please stay away from rebase
Light Table 0.4 released
Path texts my entire phonebook at 6am
How to Choose a Profitable Niche
Introducing Heka
We Need A Standard Layered Image Format
What a stupid idea
The McDonald's Theory of Bad Ideas
Florida Teen Charged With Felony After Science Experiment Goes Bad
Adobe wants Ninite to stop rolling out crapware-free Flash
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (May 2013)
This page is anonymous
Show HN: Automatic weekly meal planner, also plans your leftovers
Go 1.1 RC1 is out
“Well, He’s Not Going to Get Very Far”
Performance Improvements Using Judy Arrays
Adium Redesigned
Poll: Do you have a 3d printer?
Rails 4.0: Release Candidate 1 released
Bayes' rule in Haskell (2007)
Manchester City Council
Web Framework Benchmarks Round 4
Unheap - A tidy repository of jQuery plugins
Show HN: Weekend project - Magnific Popup
Year 2038 problem
Unreal Engine in JavaScript/HTML5 – Citadel demo
Shenzhen is Like Living in a City-Sized TechShop
Portal Released For Steam On Linux
Y Combinator, Silicon Valley’s Start-Up Machine
I feel like Gmail went from being Photoshop to Draw Something
Tesla Model S Suspension Walkaround
Scientists Back Kiera Wilmot by Tweeting About All the Stuff They've Blown Up
How a player with a “useless” item almost took down EVE Online’s entire economy
YC without being in YC
How I Made Porn Video Streaming More Efficient with Python and C
Animated Vector Icons
I wish I’d thought of that. Operation Starbucks
NeXT Computer
Help Kiera with her legal bills
Today I saw the future
JSON API
Predicting Google Product Shutdowns
Big-O Algorithm Complexity Cheat Sheet
A “simple” 3rd grade problem
Geometee
The cost of hand-to-mouth living
Experiment in paying villagers in India an unconditional basic income
ClojureC, a compiler for Clojure that targets C as a backend
A determined 'hacker' decrypts RDS-TMC
Debian 7.0 "Wheezy" released
Enable tab-completion in the interactive interpreter by default
Why I Develop For The Mac
Lenticular Photo Used To Secretly Convey Hot Line Number To Abused Kids
Pdf2htmlEX – Convert PDF to HTML without losing text or format
Setting up Sublime Text 2
Jekyll 1.0 Released
HN supports SPDY
Rent-a-coder hilarity (2008)
What Really Happened When Facebook Bought Instagram
Google now treats .io as a gccTLD
How to Spread The Word About Your Code
In defense of &lt;canvas&gt;
Linux is not about choice (2008)
Jony Ive is Not a Graphic Designer
I Am a Bad Developer
Judge Wright issues Prenda Law order
The story around the Linode hack
Git? tig
Iron Ring
Our Solar System Isn't Normal
Two.js
Tailgating YC
Why Isn't Gatsby in the Public Domain?
Nginx security advisory (CVE-2013-2028)
Pizza Compass
CSS Zen Garden is 10 Years Old Today
John Carmack starting port of Wolf 3D in Haskell
Show HN: Flattest Route - A web app to help you avoid hills in SF
The Freelancer's Guide to Recurring Revenue
Dear Apple, let's talk about photos
Food Practices Banned in Europe But Allowed in the US
Why Anti-Authoritarians are Diagnosed as Mentally Ill (2012)
Want to Spam Your LinkedIn Contacts and Be Humiliated? Try FounderDating
Tesla Smashes Earnings And Revenue Expectations
Your heart attack bill: $3,300 in Arkansas, $92,000 in California
Software will not be patentable in New Zealand
Just 11% of 53 cancer research papers were reproducible
An Efficient Way to Extract the Main Topics from a Sentence
The Onion releases fartscroll.js
LinkedIn: The Creepiest Social Network
“The Tesla Model S is our top-scoring car”
PyPy 2.0 Released
A bill in Congress legalizes cell phone unlocking and fixes the DMCA
Plans for Vim 7.4
RubyMotion Goes 2.0 And Gets OSX Support, Templates and Plugins
Show HN: Remove backgrounds from images online
10 years later, ‘Star Wars Kid’ speaks out
Half-Life 2 released for Steam on Linux
Depression Part Two
My customer wants me to record a video of how I develop his software product
Math ∩ Programming
Actually eat healthily for £1 per day
Why is science behind a paywall?
The Paradox of the Proof
PEP 435 Accepted – Adding an Enum type to the Python standard library
On Citizenship in open-source software development
A Year of MongoDB
Nearly full tickless operation in Linux 3.10
How to be more productive
Ask HN: Google workers, sister is visiting S.J. Can she tour the Googleplex?
Windows NT Kernel Contributor Explains Why Performance is Behind Other OS
How zsh is more useful than bash
Bug 698544 – Background configuration is missing in terminal profile editor
Vim Adventures
Python's sad, unimaginative Enum
Social Roulette has a 1 in 6 chance of deleting your account
A note to myself
Tesla: a little bit Apple, a little bit Google, and about to be huge
Bezier Curves and Picasso
CSS Architecture
I Don't Want Your Fucking App
0 second visits according to Google Analytics
Samsung is hurting Android 
A Brief, Incomplete, and Mostly Wrong History of Programming Languages (2009)
Most data isn’t “big,” and businesses are wasting money pretending it is
Vector Tiles for MapBox Streets
Unbelievable
Show HN: Create Javascript charts with one line of Ruby
ISS Commander Chris Hadfield Covers ‘Space Oddity’ in Space
Show HN: I built a self-hosted Basecamp alternative. Try the demo
Macros in Python
A Saudi Arabia Telecom's Surveillance Pitch
Go 1.1 is released
The Lethality of Loneliness
U.S. Secretly Obtains Two Months of A.P. Phone Records
Terra – a low-level counterpart to Lua
Amazon Staff Meetings: “No Powerpoint”
Every odd number greater than five is the sum of three primes
The Scientific 7-Minute Workout
Https URLs posted in private Skype chats visited by Microsoft
Sydney tunnel water screen stop sign for oversized vehicles [video]
Come here and work on hard problems – except the ones on our doorstep
Etsy accused me of not assembling my synths by hand and shut down my shop
"Programmer. Come Work For Us"
Larry Page posts about his voice
Mt. Gox Dwolla account frozen by DHS
Announcing Online MS in Computer Science in Collaboration with Georgia Tech
XKCD 1190 is now more individual frames than there are XKCD comics.
Strongbox and Aaron Swartz
The New Yorker Strongbox
Introducing Android Studio
The New Google Maps
Send money with Gmail
Google to Microsoft: Remove your YouTube App from the Windows Phone Store
Kiera Wilmot, student who caused small explosion, won't face charges
Figures: They Speak For Themselves (mildly NSFW)
Internet giants, you’re no longer startups, get some customer service
Gmail: Introducing Actions in the Inbox
Homemade GPS Receiver
What's next Google? Dropping SMTP support?
Newegg nukes "corporate troll" Alcatel in third patent appeal win this year
Show HN: My seven minute workout timer evening project
Poll: Do you use your real identity on HN?
Not Having A Real Job
Bunny.py: A WiFi darknet that hides its traffic in the noise of 802.11
D-Wave: Truth finally starts to emerge
Polymer, a Web Components library built by Google
Ask HN: I'm lost. Please help
A 75-Year Harvard Study Finds What It Takes To Live A Happy Life
Fish shell 2.0
Open source is not a war zone
Creating Shazam in Java
Cards Against Humanity has made more than $12 million
Welcome to Google Island
The theory of relativity in words of four letters or less
Bright Explosion on the Moon
NixOS - Declarative configuration OS
Reddit’s Pitch deck to Advertisers
AngularJS Cheat Sheet
Skype backdoor confirmation
How to Learn Emacs: A Hand-drawn One-pager for Beginners
Tesla Raises $1B from Stock and Bond Sale
Evolution of Hacker News
How do GameShark/GameGenie codes work?
A Profanity-Laced Video Game Password That Breaks Everything
The Three Kinds of Laziness
CDN vs S3
The most popular links posted by developers to Stack Overflow
Functors, applicatives, and monads in pictures
Docker - Way better than a VM
A Hacker News For Ideas
The Yahoo board has approved a deal to pay $1.1 billion in cash for Tumblr
Choosing Minecraft over Disney
\d less efficient than [0-9]
Unheralded Mathematician Bridges the Prime Gap
Dear American Consumers: Please don’t start eating healthfully
Statistical Formulas For Programmers
Show HN: See what the best startups in the world are using
Yahoo to Acquire Tumblr
Why I left Heroku, and notes on my new AWS setup
My one talk with Marissa Mayer
The biggest merger you didn't hear about today
Flickr gets new UI, new Android app, 1TB free space
Modern GPU
What happens after Yahoo acquires you (2011)
The One-Person Product
Google Checkout will be retired, transition to Google Wallet
New closure allows camping mattress to be inflated in seconds
NY official: Airbnb stay illegal; host fined $2,400
Our XMPP services at DuckDuckGo
Hacker News is depressing
Soylent Campaign
Leaving Google’s silo: Alternatives to Gmail, Talk, Calendar, and more
Cancer and Startups
Why Silicon Valley is not the second coming of the Gilded Age
Pricing Principles
The New York Times Told Me To Take This Down
Dennis Ritchie's first C compiler on Github
Always Be Coding – How to Land an Engineering Job
Induction powered LED lit engagement ring
The Elves Leave Middle Earth – Sodas Are No Longer Free (2009)
Steve Jobs emails that show how to win a negotiation
Tesla Repays Department of Energy Loan Nine Years Early
Show HN: WideArea – an expandable textarea
My open source API client was taken down by a phony DMCA complaint
Greek Yogurt’s Dark Side
Mozilla can produce near-native performance on the Web
Flickr's redesign makes it a photo service actually worth sharing
Lessons Learned: A Year with a Large AngularJS Project
How to work remotely as a software developer
Google Abandons Open Standards for Instant Messaging
Lying Microsoft Advertising
I was struck by lightning yesterday—and boy am I sore
Kiera Wilmot is going to Space Camp
Selling Your Software To Businesses - TwilioCon 2012 presentation
SQLite improves performance with memory-mapped I/O 
Massive Number of Vulnerabilities Found in X.Org
Free private Github repos for students and edu people
Deleted my portfolio, made $30k in my first six months
The Girl Who Turned to Bone
The Shortest Crashing C Program
The Day our investors came to see the office
Improving the security of your SSH private key files
VNC over gif
The Fallacy of Money As A Means
Ifs and &&s and Plan 9's Source Code
B go beyond – Quadcopter/RC car combo
Yahoo submits bid for Hulu
Too scared to write a line of code
BitMessage - Bitcoin Inspired Peer to Peer Encrypted Messaging
Open-plan offices make employees less productive, less happy, and more sick
Ydiff: Structural Comparison of Programs
How I Turned Down $300,000 from Microsoft to go Full-Time on GitHub (2008)
Tarsnap – Online backups for the truly paranoid
HTML5 Features you need to know
Four Steps to Google, Without a Degree
Google defends dropping chat federation with inaccurate comments
Linux To Become Exclusive OS Of The International Space Station
The Mozilla Manifesto
Rustboot: a 32 bit kernel written in Rust
I took the $300K
Full Disclosure: PayPal.com XSS Vulnerability
42
Unlabeled Object Recognition in Google+
How far can you overhang blocks?
US entertainment industry to Congress: make it legal for us to deploy rootkits
Chinese DIY Inventions
This Is What Winning Looks Like – Afghanistan War Diary
Google Java Annotations Gallery
You are dangerously bad at cryptography
Google blimps will carry wireless signal across Africa
Sucks to be an old engineer
Indiegogo fund raises enough money to buy video of Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack
Open Source Game Clones
Find Your Color Scheme
Teacher under fire for informing kids of their Fifth Amendment rights
How crackers ransack passwords like “qeadzcwrsfxv1331”
3px of padding makes all the difference in the world
Show HN: Learn English with movies and TV Shows
Pure: a set of small, responsive CSS modules
Introducing GitHub Sudo Mode
Topcoat – CSS for clean and fast web apps
Pixar's Chris Horne Sheds New Light on Monsters University
Humble Indie Bundle 8
The Unexotic Underclass
“This week marks the beginning of my 4th year at Facebook”
A Terrifying, Fascinating Timelapse of 30 Years of Human Impact on Earth
Secure Boot isn't the only problem facing Linux on Windows 8 hardware
Reversal: Australian Govt picks ODF doc standard over Microsoft
Plain English explanation of Big O? (2009)
How should I behave as a developer in a project that's headed for failure?
A new Gmail inbox
I Sold The Magazine, Too
React, a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
EFF Makes Formal Objection to DRM in HTML5
Letter To A Young Programmer Considering A Startup
Glass
Let’s help Airbnb rebuild the bridge it just burned
Facebook’s New React JavaScript Library Tutorial Rewritten in AngularJS
Ubuntu's Bug #1 is fixed
The secret button at pedestrian crossings
How Google Authorship decreased our traffic by 90%
Show HN: Free hi-resolution photos for your website. 10 new photos every 10 days
Good Old Games: gog.com and the DRM-Free Revolution
The Central Limit Theorem Visualized with D3
 Letter from Loretto - A Prison Letter from a CIA Whistleblower
Camino browser reaches its end
Solitary in Iran Nearly Broke Me. Then I Went Inside America's Prisons
We Think We Know What Elon Musk's Hyperloop Is
My Latte is Worth It - No Fun Allowed
ASUS Launches Monitor with 3840 x 2160 IGZO Display
Judge orders Google to comply with FBI's secret NSL demands
A Personal API
High-resolution images of a molecule as it breaks and reforms chemical bonds
A Week with Elixir
Why 3 MIT Grads Want to Send You an Empty Box
Show HN: Logos in Pure CSS
Poll: Full-time software engineers in the Bay Area, what's your annual salary?
Oculus Rift co-founder killed by gang trying to escape police
RMS lifestyle
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (June 2013)
Poll: Full-time software engineers in London, what's your annual salary?
SQL injection search
CUDA grep
The Banality of ‘Don’t Be Evil’
I Wasn’t Prepared to Work
Apple betrayed by its own law firm
A Python 3 implementation for client-side web programming
You can't impress developers
What is Happening in Istanbul?
Learn C
A 17 Year Old with Severe Autism and His Six Completed Coursera Courses
Hexagonal grids for games
Researcher decodes prairie dog language
GTA4 Google Map With Street View
QR Code in shopping cart handle
The Facebook experiment has failed
Removing garbage collection from the Rust language
R.I.P Atul Chitnis : The Man Who Changed the Open Source World
“Accounts merged and now my files are gone”
Negative SEO: Looking for Answers from Google
Startup advice
Zynga to Lay Off 520 Employees and shutter NY and LA Offices
Tetris Printer Algorithm
The Cost of an ACL Injury
Kim Jong-il's Sushi Chef
Why I Dislike EC2
Free Python ebook: Bayesian Methods for Hackers
Why Finnish babies sleep in cardboard boxes
Build your own Google TV using Raspberry Pi, Node.js and Socket.io
“Warning” signs at historical sites tell visitors to relax and enjoy themselves
Zynga Shuts Down OMGPOP One Year After Acquiring It For $200M
A founder-friendly term sheet
IBM to Acquire SoftLayer
Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API
Bitbucket passes one million users
Firefox 25 will get a major UI overhaul
Wi-Fi signals enable gesture recognition throughout entire home
Buttons with built-in loading indicators
Exhibit A – the “child pornographer”
Send payouts with Stripe
Making Google’s CalDAV and CardDAV APIs available for everyone
Seriously.js
Show HN: Yoleo – A Beautiful RSS Reader
Stephen Fry reveals he attempted suicide in 2012
NSA collecting phone records of millions of Americans daily
U.S. Is Secretly Collecting Records of Verizon Calls
Confirmed: The NSA is Spying on Millions of Americans
Are coders worth it?
Snapchat, You've Made a Huge Mistake
Stellar Wind (code name)
NSA Chief Denies Domestic Spying Story (2012)
US intelligence mining data from 9 US Internet companies in broad secret program
President Obama’s Dragnet
NSA slides explain the PRISM data-collection program
The NSA story reinforces why an entity like WikiLeaks is important
Donate to the EFF
Google tried to resist FBI requests for data, but the FBI took it anyway
What We Don't Know About Spying on Citizens: Scarier Than What We Know
Statically Recompiling NES Games into Native Executables with LLVM and Go
Obama: No warrantless wiretaps if you elect me (2008)
The Internet Is a Surveillance State
Larry Page addresses PRISM
AngularJS Learning Resources
Palantir and Prism: A Possible Link
Thousands dead, millions deprived of civil liberties? (2001)
Burner Phone
The Insane Law That Lets Authorities Read Any Email Over 180 Days Old
Hacker Who Helped Expose Steubenville Could Get More Prison Time Than Rapists
Shortcat - Keyboard productivity app for Mac OS X
Mark Zuckerberg addresses PRISM
Tech companies, bristling, concede to government surveillance program
Cowards
Government likely to open criminal probe into NSA leaks
Why Privacy Matters Even if You Have 'Nothing to Hide' (2011)
Government Says Secret Court Opinion on Law Underlying PRISM Must Stay Secret
NSA's Backdoor Key from Lotus Notes
People with nothing to hide
How three pacifists were convicted as terrorists
Tor and HTTPS
Iain Banks dies of cancer aged 59
Edward Snowden: the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance
Petition to Pardon Edward Snowden
Why didn't tech company leaders blow the whistle?
I'm Ready To Help NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden Seek Asylum
Did Obama Just Destroy the U.S. Internet Industry?
Why we can't go back to business as usual post-PRISM
Has the US become the type of nation from which you have to seek asylum?
Mozilla should move Persona out of the US
Using Metadata to Find Paul Revere
The Irrationality of Giving Up This Much Liberty to Fight Terror
Mac Pro
NSA leaker is a patriot, not a traitor
Obama, NSA, Verizon and DoJ sued for $3B over PRISM
Apple Literally Stole my Thunder
Dutch secret service 'also has access to information from PRISM'
Dear NSA, let me take care of your slides.
Stop Watching Us
Civil Liberties Groups and Internet Companies Demand an End to NSA Spying
The Smears Against Edward Snowden Have Begun
Court found NSA surveillance unconstitutional in 2011
Asking the U.S. to allow Google to publish more national security request data
German Girl Turned Away at Border Due to Private Facebook Messages
A.C.L.U. Files Suit Over Phone Surveillance Program
Germans accuse U.S. of Stasi tactics before Obama visit
Norwegian lawyer had visa withdrawn after private chat with client on Facebook
Fertile Ground
Mozilla, EFF, Reddit And 83 Other Organizations Launch StopWatching.Us
Why Edward Snowden Is a Hero
Before Prosecuting, Investigate the Government
Jordanian citizen was denied re-entry to the US on eve of his PhD defense at JHU
iOS 7
In 8 months at Microsoft, I learned these things
Changes in rankings of smartphone search results
Civil Liberties Groups Are Suing the NSA
We Should All Have Something To Hide
More Americans see man who leaked NSA secrets as 'patriot' than traitor
Warrant Canary
Bank robbery suspect wants NSA phone records for his defense
Music to Let you Concentrate
German Parliament says: Stop Granting Software Patents
Supreme Court: Natural Isolated DNA Not Patentable, Synthetic DNA Is [pdf]
Members of Congress Go Silent Over Prior False Testimony On Surveillance
Supreme Court rules human genes may not be patented
There's a map for that
Free Official MSIE VM's for Linux and Mac
PRISM fears give private search engine DuckDuckGo its best week ever
"Microsoft engineer" on Xbox1
Make DuckDuckGo your Chrome default search engine
The day Steve Jobs dissed me in a keynote (2010)
Reddit co-founder on NSA snooping [video]
Microsoft Said To Give Zero Day Exploits To US Government Before It Patches Them
Congressman requests subpoena of NSA’s White House, IRS phone logs
Lawsuit Filed To Prove Happy Birthday Is In The Public Domain
Does America need a Pirate Party?
57% Fear Government Will Use NSA Data to Harass Political Opponents
T-Shirt Printing API
An encrypted message to Edward Snowden
Facebook Releases Data, Including All National Security Requests
Project Loon
The IRS has upgraded its technology to track virtually everything you do online
Senators skip classified briefing on NSA snooping to catch flights home
Watch 2013 Barack Obama Debate 2006 Joe Biden Over NSA Surveillance [video]
NSA's Talking Points Defending NSA Surveillance
Woz talks iOS 7 and PRISM in an off the cuff airport interview [video]
Secret to Prism program: Even bigger data seizure
Martin Luther King Jr. was wiretapped
NSA admits listening to U.S. phone calls without warrants
Algorithms from the “Book”
Terms of Service; Didn't Read
San Francisco
AngularJS versus Ember
Choosing Hong Kong Is a Brilliant Move by Edward Snowden
Building a Modern Computer from First Principles
Linux has better hardware support than OS X
NSA veterans speak out on whistle-blower [video]
Norwegian backup provider promises NSA-free data storage using Norwegian laws 
Edward Snowden Q&A
Bootable Minecraft clone written partly in x86 Assembly
European roaming charges will end in 2014
Skrollr - parallax scrolling for the masses
Monday was my 46th birthday and likely my last
Repository Next
I Know What You Think of Me
How FPGAs work, and why you'll buy one
Buying the new MacBook Air
Journalists Need To Start Asking About Storage, Not Access
Ultimate Tic Tac Toe
Facebook is Blocking Connections from Tor Network
Evidence that the NSA Is Storing Voice Content, Not Just Metadata
The Constitution Applies When the Government Bans Americans From the Skies
Former NSA Employees Praise Edward Snowden, Corroborate Key Claims
Google challenges U.S. gag order, citing First Amendment
Want to File a Motion in the FISA Court? First You Have to Find Them
Facebook Is Not Blocking Tor Deliberately
Bruce Schneier: Has U.S. started an Internet war?
MySQL man pages silently relicensed away from GPL
Creative usernames and Spotify account hijacking
OpenStreetMap creates and distributes free geographic data for the world
DuckDuckGo Sees Record Traffic After NSA PRISM Scandal
Maybe buses should be free
Nginx for Developers: An Introduction
A Great Response to a Cease and Desist Letter
MySQL man pages license change is a bug
Steve Jobs Ponders His Legacy In Never-Before-Seen 1994 Video
The most telling part of “1984″ is the appendix
Your Feedback Matters – Update on Xbox One
NSA Boss Asks Congress For Blanket Immunity For Companies That Help NSA Spy
The Internet Just Made Microsoft Kill a Car for a Faster Horse
Hair
In Head-Hunting, Big Data May Not Be Such a Big Deal
Edward Snowden: Saving Us from the United Stasi of America
This is a web page
One cost engineers and product managers don't consider
Two dozen mathematicians wrote a 600 page book in 6 months on GitHub
The NSA can store communications of US citizens for up to 5 years, sans warrant
Battery Swap [video]
Antiprism
How I Got Fired from the Job I Invented
Prince Of Persia Code Review
NeoCities
Newly disclosed papers give rules for NSA surveillance without a warrant
U.S. charges Edward Snowden with espionage
How to travel around the world for a year
NSA whistleblower Russ Tice goes on record with new revelations
How to know when someone is in trouble in the water
NY auto dealers trying to shut down Tesla Motors in NY
On Confirmed Assumptions or, Not Trusting Google is a Good Idea
A useful program, 0 bytes long
A list of front end development resources
Petition to pardon Edward Snowden reaches 100,000 signatures
Snowden: US hacks Chinese mobile phone companies, steals SMS data
Demonstrations to protest NSA spying planned for July 4th
Statement by Julian Assange after One Year in Ecuadorian Embassy
Ask PG: Please consider a resurrection vote for the undead amongst us
The Physics Behind Traffic Jams
Chinese students and families fight for the right to cheat their exams
Snowden Leaves Hong Kong on Commercial Flight to Moscow
HKSAR Government issues statement on Edward Snowden
Official statement from WikiLeaks regarding Edward Snowden's exit from Hong Kong
U.S. Seemingly Unaware of Irony in Accusing Snowden of Spying
Obama’s crackdown views leaks as aiding enemies of U.S.
Bitcoin Foundation Receives Cease And Desist Order From California
An Apology to my European IT Team
What every web developer must know about URL encoding
Skype's Principal Architect explains why peer-to-peer was eliminated
America’s Shameful Human Rights Record (2012)
Salt: Like Puppet, Except It Doesn’t Suck
Ask HN: Can we please slow down the stories about Edward Snowden?
Foundations of Computer Science
Only the Lonely
Malibu homeowners foiled by $30K Kickstarter campaign
Abandoned island in the middle of NYC
Perfect Forward Secrecy can block the NSA, but almost no one uses it
My Song Got Played On Pandora 1 Million Times and All I Got Was $16.89
Learn Lua in 15 Minutes
PlayStation 4 runs modified FreeBSD 9.0
USA must not hunt down whistleblower Edward Snowden
Google Reader Apocalypse Extremely Fucking Nigh
Two Senators Say the NSA Is Still Feeding Us False Information
Sorry, NSA, Terrorists Don't Use Verizon. Or Skype. Or Gmail
My Startup has 30 Days to Live
Rails 4.0: Final version released
Learn Git Branching
SSL: Intercepted today, decrypted tomorrow
IE11 to support WebGL
HTML5 Genetic Cars
 Snowden distributed encrypted copies of NSA docs around the world
Our web development workflow is completely broken
Opt Out of Klout Now
How to properly plagiarize a website
Richard Stallman Inducted Into the 2013 Internet Hall of Fame
Pandora Paid Over $1,300 for 1 Million Plays
Firefox 22 released
Google Gay Marriage
How I Structure My Flask Applications
Inside An Illegal Party In An Abandoned Subway Station Deep Under NYC
Pandora and Royalties
The Strange Case of Barrett Brown
WikiLeaks Volunteer Was a Paid Informant for the FBI
Ecuador offers U.S. rights aid, waives trade benefits
Lorem Ipsum translated by Google
Bruce Schneier joins EFF Board of Directors
Go read: fast Google Reader clone in AngularJS with Go on App Engine
Memories of Stasi color Germans’ view of U.S. surveillance programs
New leak shows NSA harvests To, From, and Bcc lines of e-mail data
The NSA Can't Tell the Difference Between an American and a Foreigner
The Criminal N.S.A.
DevDocs
Sublime Text 3 Public Beta
Making the web fun again
In the 1970s, Congress investigated intelligence abuses. Time to do it again?
An open MySQL bug receives a real Birthday cake
Tesla wins in North Carolina, paves the way for direct-to-consumer sales
Facebook Android app sends phone number to Facebook servers without consent
CIA Agents Were Embedded With NYPD And Had “No Limits”
Clojure core.async Channels
Refactoring GitHub's Design
U.S. Government Surveillance: Bad for Silicon Valley, Bad for World Democracy
A Dark Room - minimalist text-based game
Why discussions on cyber snooping have been so painful for us
15-year-old girl invents flashlight powered by the heat of your hand
U.S. bugged EU offices, computer networks
Papers and essays that every programmer should be aware of
NSA slides explain the PRISM data-collection program
A Hacker's Replacement for Gmail
Der Spiegel says US bugged EU offices in Washington
Secret Documents: NSA monitored 500 million connections in Germany
Germany Minister of Justice demands immediate response to US spying on Germany
German Federal Prosecutor's office gets involved in the NSA data scandal
New PRISM slides say the program allows NSA to eavesdrop on live conversations
Keith Alexander's Statement to the NSA Workforce
Drugs and the Meaning of Life (2011)
Startup Investing Trends
Germans Loved Obama. Now We Don’t Trust Him
"Disable Javascript" option removed in Firefox 23
Tell-all telephone – Six months of phone metadata visualized
Mozilla and Partners Prepare to Launch First Firefox OS Smartphones
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (July 2013)
Stop Penalizing Boys for Not Being Able to Sit Still at School
How Google is Killing Organic Search
Never Trust Facebook
Statement from Edward Snowden in Moscow
How to build (and how not to build) a secure “remember me” feature
Motorola cell phones are regularly phoning home
California Police Arrest Man for Video Recording, then Kill his Dog
Restore the Fourth Organizes Protests Against Unconstitutional Surveillance
Google Reader is dead
Python Tools for Visual Studio
Firefox Takes the Performance Crown From Chrome
Internet Explorer 11: “Don’t call me IE”
Releases – a workflow for shipping software to end users
Text of letter to Edward Snowden from his father and father’s attorney
Michael Hastings Sent Panicked Email Hours Before Car Crash
Why I’m not paying the Troll Toll
Lockdown
An Open Letter to Craig Newmark
Bolivia to file UN complaint over airspace blockade
Nginx just became the most used web server among the top 1000 websites
U.S. Postal Service Logging All Mail for Law Enforcement
Restore the Fourth
Doug Engelbart has died
MasterCard breaks ranks in WikiLeaks blockade
Uncovering Android Master Key That Makes 99% of Devices Vulnerable
Students Question the NSA at Recruiting Session [audio]
Mastercard and Visa Start Banning VPN Providers
A few words on Doug Engelbart
EFF: Show Support for the Fourth Amendment
FBI Document: [DELETED] had "plan to kill local Occupy leaders via sniper fire"
DecryptoCat
Join the largest online protest since SOPA to stop NSA spying
Bill before Icelandic Parliament to grant Edward Snowden citizenship
Restore the Fourth
Distributed Everything
How Exercise Can Calm Anxiety
The 19-year-old jailed for the crime of sarcasm
If PRISM is Good Policy, Why Stop with Terrorism?
Hikikomori: Why are so many Japanese men refusing to leave their rooms?
What is A/B Testing?
EU Parliament supports the possible suspension of U.S. data sharing agreements
Ideas on how to improve customer conversion and ease of use
Google paid AdBlock Plus to get its ads whitelisted
Thorium nuclear reactor trial begins in Norway
Basic Neural Network on Python
A Disease Without a Cure Spreads Quietly in the West
Did you know John Roberts is also chief justice of the NSA’s surveillance state?
Rare Cancer Seen In 41 Homosexuals (1981)
The Revel Web Framework for Go
Venezuela offers asylum to Snowden
The Strange Story of Dual_EC_DRBG – suspected NSA backdoor (2007)
Update on Novena Open Laptop
An easy way to share files P2P, and how it works
Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 crashes at SFO
Indescribable numbers: The theorem that made me fall in love with math
Using ImageMagick to make sharp web-sized photographs
Python: Common Newbie Mistakes, Part 1
Google Correlate - Draw
In Secret, Court Vastly Broadens Powers of N.S.A.
Alief
NSA Rejecting FOIA Requests by US Citizens
“Why did you shoot me? I was reading a book”
Armchair air crash investigator
Stay-at-home dad
Snowden Interview with Jacob Applebaum
Game Programming Patterns
"Nothing like this will be built again"
Snowden releases information about Australian Intelligence gathering programs
Final Term - Terminal Emulator
Alternative Internet
Tangle: a JavaScript library for reactive documents
The Architecture Twitter Uses to Deal with 150M Active Users
Monocle
San Francisco, I Love You But You’re Bringing Me Down
Judge Orders U.S. to Release Aaron Swartz’s Secret Service File
Anatomy of a pseudorandom number generator – visualising Cryptocat's buggy PRNG
Prism Break
Firefox OS devices officially released
Asiana Airlines Flight 214: A Pilot’s Perspective
HTTP 2.0
US court rejects state-secrets defense in NSA surveillance case
Why mobile web apps are slow
Seth Vidal, creator of yum, killed in hit and run accident
Hospital creates bidding war by posting pricing online
Ask PG: Will you post an update to "Startup Ideas We'd Like to Fund"?
Secret government: America against democracy
Shit for Making Websites
Dance in a Year
Should I use a carousel?
Amazon Drops Price Of EC2 Dedicated Instances By Up To 80%
Too Many Cops Are Told They’re Soldiers Fighting a War. How Did We Get Here?
Stop Glorifying Hard Work and Long Hours
The NSA slide you haven’t seen
DuckDuckGo Direct queries per day (28 day average)
1987: Kid submits 7 Robotron bugfixes using only the machine code from the ROMs
The SEC Just Voted To Lift The Ban On General Solicitation
Storage for Photographers
Valve releasing Dota2 for Linux
Feds, We Need Some Time Apart
Show HN: I hacked my microwave with a Raspberry Pi
Trends that will create demand for an Unconditional Basic Income
Small Utah ISP firm stands up to ‘surveillance state’
How Microsoft handed the NSA access to encrypted messages
Human-Powered Helicopter Wins the $250,000 Sikorsky Prize
Microsoft reorganizes
Why is nobody using SSL client certificates?
Navigating the Postmodern Python World
Do the right thing, wait to get fired
Don't be evil: Moving everything off of Google
Estonian E-Voting Source Code Made Public
Microsoft helped the NSA bypass encryption, new Snowden leak reveals
Statement by Edward Snowden to human rights groups at Sheremetyevo airport
I understood gender discrimination once I added “Mr.” to my resume
Use "Amazon 1 Button" Chrome extension to sniff all HTTPS websites
5D ‘Superman memory’ crystal could lead to unlimited lifetime data storage
The Grep Test
Do call yourself a programmer, and other career advice
Keep a static "emergency mode" site on S3
Switching to DuckDuckGo and Firefox
Revising MailChimp's logo
Bose founder, Amar Bose, has died at 83
Valve Pipeline
Reveal App
Show HN: Minified.js – a fully-featured, 4K alternative to jQuery and MooTools
High-fructose corn syrup prompts considerably more weight gain than sugar (2010)
Intel In Bed with NSA?
Communicating Sequential Processes
How secure is Linux's random number generator?
I bootstrapped a $10 million company and need serious help
Beyond Helium 
About the Reuters article
DuckDuckGo: illusion of privacy?
Dijkstra: “You will be treated as grown-ups”
Do Things that Don't Scale
Sustaining git-annex development
Why We Can No Longer Trust Microsoft
Enough with the JavaScript already
Set up an email server in two hours
Elon Musk to publish hyperloop design by August
When male CEOs have daughters, relative pay for women at their firms goes up
The Case for Abolishing the DHS
Cello: Higher level programming in C
Yahoo's Fight for its Users Earns the Company Special Recognition by EFF
Quine Relay
$99 ARM-based PC runs either Ubuntu or Android
Linux 3.11 Officially Named "Linux For Workgroups"
GitHub's on your phone
Yahoo wins motion to declassify court documents in PRISM case
Linus on "acting professionally"
Home-made robot doing a perfect quadruple backflip [video]
A Low-Tech Mosquito Deterrent
Ask HN: I'm quadriplegic – can you help me with my security?
EFF sues the NSA Over Illegal Surveillance
Email exchange between Edward Snowden and former GOP Senator Gordon Humphrey
Logic Pro X
Malware Hidden Inside JPG EXIF Headers
19 Groups Sue NSA Over Data Collection
Gittip at Khan Academy
Mission Creep: When Everything Is Terrorism
White Coke
Android saves wifi passwords in plaintext to the cloud
Poll: How old are you?
Flynn - Open Source PaaS powered by Docker
The NSA Admits It Analyzes More People's Data Than Previously Revealed
Lifehacks from 100 Years Ago
Police Documents on License Plate Scanners Reveal Mass Tracking
Stunned by Go
Why Is Netflix Secretly Cropping Movies?
Effeckt.css
The Drone that Killed my Grandson
Obama wins back the right to indefinitely detain under NDAA
Trinity College experiment succeeds after 69 years
‘America has no functioning democracy at this moment’ – Jimmy Carter on NSA
Show HN: Floobits – Remote pair programming done right
American Summer: Before Air-Conditioning (1998)
Twilio is erroneously over-billing and suspending accounts
VLC for iOS returns on July 19, rewritten and fully open-sourced
Wine 1.6 Released With 10,000 Changes
MIT Moves to Intervene in Release of Aaron Swartz’s Secret Service File
The Forbidden Island
JavaScript Isn't Scheme
Ads in Gmail displayed as normal emails?
Fuck Off As A Service (FOAAS)
Apple Dev Center outage
Switching from Gmail to FastMail
Biggest Virus Yet Found, May Be Fourth Domain of Life?
Replace Dropbox with BitTorrent Sync and a Raspberry Pi
The 2005 screenwriting book that’s taken over Hollywood
NSA Phone Snooping Cannot Be Challenged in Court, Feds Say
How I Earned A Lot More on Projects by Changing My Pricing Strategy
“What Is That Box?” – When The NSA Shows Up At Your Internet Company
Thanks For The Identity Theft, Yahoo
Hacker News Folks Get Long Overdue Thanks
The Vitamin Myth: Why We Think We Need Supplements
Build your own private, encrypted, open-source Dropbox clone
iPhone 6: An edgy concept
CSS Zen Garden relaunched
Existential Depression in Gifted Children
My Summer Reading List
Ideas for Computing
'Crack baby' study ends with unexpected but clear result
Apple Developer Center still down
SIM Cards Have Finally Been Hacked, and the Flaw Could Affect Millions of Phones
Riding the New Silk Road
Apple Developer Website Update
Apple Confirms That Its Dev Center Has Been Breached By Hackers
David Cameron cracks down on online pornography
Questions about Cameron’s ‘new’ porn-blocking
Haskell Lenses In Pictures
Goodbye Google Analytics. Hello Piwik
Game Programmer Quits Job To Sell Street Food, Doubles Salary
Canada's Start-up Visa
Ubuntu Edge
Victory Lap for Ask Patents
A Tour Inside CloudFlare's Latest Generation Servers
Upton: A Web Scraping Framework
ZeroMQ instead of HTTP, for internal services
Reginald Braithwaite is a GitHubber
Leaked report shows high civilian death toll from CIA drone strikes
Forgotten Employee (2002)
Block NSA funding for collecting the call records of all Americans
Sneak peek of Macaw – a code-savvy web design tool [video]
The sad story of Facebook Platform
How Gmail’s New Inbox Is Affecting Open Rates
The unprofitable SaaS business model trap
Hillbilly Tracking of Low Earth Orbit Satellites 
The slippery slope
A 97-Year-Old Man Who Draws Using Microsoft Paint from Windows ’95
How Emacs changed my life
Practical Typography
Snowden asylum still under review, stays in airport for now
LLVM Intermediate Representation is better than assembly
I'm learning to code by building 180 websites in 180 days. Today is day 115
Google Chromecast
Essential Math for Games Programmers
Ractive.js
Feds put heat on Web firms for master encryption keys
Google Unveils The New Nexus 7 Android Tablet
What's new in Android 4.3
Amash’s Amendment To Defund NSA Program Fails 205-217
Why I cancelled my TechEd talks
New Course: The Design of Everyday Things
As Feds Demand the Keys, Preparing for the Death of Public-Key Encryption
Defund the NSA - This Isn't Over
Light completely stopped for a record-breaking minute
How do I “think in AngularJS” if I have a jQuery background?
Probablistic Programming and Bayesian Methods for Hackers
OVH launches 2.99€/mo dedicated servers (2G RAM, 500G disk)
Watsi (YC W13) raises $1.2M first-of-its-kind 'philanthropic seed round'
“NASDAQ is owned.” Five men charged in largest financial hack ever
Obama Promises Disappear from Web
Chinese firm Huawei controls net filter praised by PM
UK Porn Filter Will Censor Other Content Too, ISPs Reveal
Passive Income Hacker vs Startup Guy
Feds tell web firms to turn over user passwords
How to kill an unresponsive SSH session
Hacker Barnaby Jack has died
Simple API with Nginx and PostgreSQL
Free email address validation API for web forms
Porting dl.google.com from C++ to Go
Scientist banned from revealing codes used to start luxury cars
Big-O notation explained by a self-taught programmer
Why 'Passive Income' Is A Dangerous Fantasy (2011)
Bootstrap 3 RC1
GPGMail 2 is finally here
xkcd Time - at your own pace
Antibiotic resistance: The last resort
SkyMall's SkyFall
RubyWarrior - Bloc
My Doctor's Office Asked me to Lie (2011)
Edward Snowden's not the story. The fate of the internet is
Sleepwalking into censorship
Learn Emacs Lisp in 15 minutes
Dont Worry Government, I Got This Porn Filter Sorted
My hell as a 911 operator
Who Are We at War With? That’s Classified
Patent US8296192 – Method for making money on the internet
Why YouTube buffers: The secret deals that make and break online video
Momentum Builds Against N.S.A. Surveillance
Heart Surgery in India for $1,583 Costs $106,385 in U.S.
Bitcoin ruled illegal in Thailand
Tox: secure messaging for everyone
Groupcache: an alternative to memcached, written in Go
US patent office rejects claims of Apple 'pinch to zoom' patent
Identical Droplets in the DigitalOcean: Regenerate your Ubuntu SSH Host Keys now
Kathy Sierra: Your app makes me fat
Quickly generate product screenshots in realistic environments
Observations from a Tipless Restaurant
MIT Report is a whitewash. My Statement in Response
Manning not guilty of aiding the enemy, but convicted of multiple other counts
Show HN: CoreOS, a Linux distro for containers
The Future of Programming
Psd.rb
Now That It’s in the Broadband Game, Google Flip-Flops on Network Neutrality
Linus on git rebase and merge (2009)
Android Fragmentation Visualized
MIT releases report on its actions in the Aaron Swartz case
Reversing Bits in C
Looking at CPU/GPU Benchmark Optimizations in Galaxy S 4
Introducing Quip
Ask HN: I might be going to prison soon – how to save my one-man SaaS startup?
XKeyscore: NSA program collects 'nearly everything a user does on the internet'
The entire US Code is now online in XML
NSA director heckled on stage at Black Hat security conference
The Door To The FISA Court Doesn't Even Have A Sign On It
How 'One Weird Trick' Conquered The Internet
Scientific Breakthrough Lets SnappyCam App Take 20 Full-Res Photos Per Second
Snowden granted 1-year asylum in Russia, leaves airport
Samsung agency is buying off StackOverflow users 
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (August 2013)
Pressure cookers, backpacks, and quinoa, oh my
We have an employee whose last name is Null. He kills our employee lookup (2012)
Google Pressure Cookers and Backpacks, Get a Visit from the Feds
Skeuocard
In Lieu of Money, Toyota Donates Efficiency to New York Charity
PEP 8 Modernisation
New attack plucks secrets from HTTPS-protected pages
Sweden Runs Out of Garbage With Waste-to-Energy
Forebruary, an endless wall calendar
Volvo Gave Away the Most Important Design They Ever Patented
Ask HN: I'm a chronic procrastinator – how do I break it?
Creator of xkcd Reveals Secret Backstory of His Epic 3,990-Panel Comic
Two Stories of Passive Income Excess
Hard drive hack provides root access, even after reinstall
TimelineJS: build visually rich interactive timelines
Don't Plug Your Phone into a Charger You Don't Own
Did Goldman Overstep in Criminally Charging Its Ex-Programmer?
After NSA's XKeyscore, Wikipedia Switches to HTTPS
FBI pressures Internet providers to install surveillance software
NSA Collects 'Word for Word' Every Domestic Communication, Says Former Analyst
What a 600,000-megapixel-wide picture looks like
Nightcode: An IDE for Clojure and Java
Mailpile: Let’s take email back
Why does Angular.js rock?
Web Tracing Framework by Google
How does Trello access the user's clipboard?
The White Hat's Dilemma
Founder of Tor Freedom Hosting arrested in Ireland, awaiting extradition to USA
Bradley Manning case stretches credibility of US computer fraud law
Ask PG: Why is everybody hellbanned?
Members of Congress denied access to basic information about NSA
Give Manning and Snowden the Nobel Peace Prize
Xerox scanners and photocopiers randomly alter numbers in scanned documents
Half of all Tor sites compromised, Freedom Hosting founder arrested
HN is Becoming 2005 Slashdot
Tesla Nabs 8% of the U.S. Luxury Car Market
“Please let me know if I should stop developing apps for Google Products”
U.S. directs agents to cover up program used to investigate Americans
OS X emulation layer for Linux
Sergey Brin invests in synthetic beef
Why I'll be a solo founder next time
Torsploit takedown: analysis, reverse engineering, forensic
Taken
Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos
Webflow (YC S13) Lets You Design Responsive Websites Visually, Publish Instantly
Introduction to Recommender Systems
7 Cups Of Tea (YC S13) Connects People Who Need Emotional Support With Listeners
Jeff Bezos on Post purchase
Crossbar Resistive RAM stores a terabyte on a chip
Beg HN: Please only report serious GitHub outages (1h+)
SOPA died in 2012, but Obama administration wants to revive part of it
The Sun's Magnetic Field is about to Flip
Security advisory: Breach and Django
Judge to serve 28 years after making $2 million sending children to jail
My experience at a YC startup
I'm creating a website to promote early stage sites and ideas
Cyberscare: Ex-NSA chief calls transparency groups, hackers next terrorists
EFF: "Parallel construction" is really intelligence laundering
John Carmack joins Oculus as CTO
Slashdot founder Rob Malda on why there won’t be another Hacker News
Steps To $5,000 In Monthly Recurring Revenue
Android AOSP maintainer quits
Russian Man Changes Small Print in Credit Card Agreement, Then Sues
How to Convince Investors
Restoring Trust in Government and the Internet
Programming languages to watch: LiveScript, Julia, Elixir
I cannot afford to go back to engineering school
Shutting Down a Dream
Snowden's Asylum: 'It's the law, stupid'
Ubuntu Edge price dropped to $695
Why I Changed My Mind On Weed
Persona makes signing in easy for Gmail users
Lavabit abruptly shuts down
Edward Snowden’s Email Provider Shuts Down Amid Secret Court Battle
Hacker News Web App for Mobile
I quit my job
Some killjoys have removed the blink tag from Firefox
Silent Circle shuts down email service
Show HN: Run iOS apps in the browser
Free Schnail Mail for life
Bugger
Email service used by Snowden shuts down, warns against using US-based companies
NSA loophole allows warrantless search for US citizens' emails and phone calls
Kids can't use computers, and why it should worry you
Hex, Lies and Startups
Obama to release FISA court opinion that ruled NSA surveillance unconstitutional
Panopticlick – How Unique, and Trackable, Is Your Browser?
Meta (YC S13), The Crazy AR Glasses That Aim To Do What Google Glass Can’t
How I Created the Iconic iPhone Sound
The president is wrong: The NSA debate wouldn’t have happened without Snowden
Text-based terminal screencasts
Lavabit's founder: 'If You Knew What I Know About Email, You Might Not Use It'
Vim 7.4 is released
CSS Absolute Centering
Learn Emacs and Lisp with simple, bite-sized screencasts
How Your Brain Becomes Addicted to Caffeine
Why founders fail: the product CEO paradox
Show HN: TextBlob, Natural language processing made simple in Python
What makes Lua tick?
ElementaryOs Luna released
PEP 450: Adding A Statistics Module To The Standard Library
You broke the Internet. We're making ourselves a GNU one [video]
mpv - a free and open-source general-purpose video player
The Massachusetts Software Tax
Injectable oxygen keeps people alive without breathing
Pixel Shaders: Proposal for an Interactive Introduction to Graphics Programming
Papers, Please - A Dystopian Document Thriller
The NSA is turning the Internet into a total surveillance system
Mio: A High-Performance Multicore IO Manager for GHC [pdf]
The algorithm for a perfectly balanced photo gallery
Do things, write about it
Google Fiber Continues Awful ISP Tradition of Banning “Servers”
Hyperloop
Hyperloop Alpha [pdf]
Yesterday I Wrote My First Firefox OS App
You Might Have an Invisible Facebook Account Even if You Never Signed Up
Investor Herd Dynamics
Every important person in BitCoin just got subpoenaed by NY financial regulators
Using Voice to Code Faster than Keyboard
SDL 2.0.0 is out after many years in development
Q & A: Edward Snowden speaks to Peter Maass
This coupon code is a slap in the face
After Multiple Denials, CIA Admits to Snooping on Noam Chomsky
The Future of Programming in Node.js
Firefox now only has one HTML parser
How phone batteries measure the weather
Wireless devices go battery-free with new communication technique
Lavabit Founder Says He Had ‘Obligation’ to Shut Service
Startup lessons
Google Open-Sources Gumbo: C Library for Parsing HTML5
Google Treks
Encryption is less secure than we thought
Your Thoughts Can Release Abilities Beyond Normal Limits
Grasshopper 100m Lateral Divert Test
Meet the Dread Pirate Roberts, the man behind Silk Road
From a Mailchimp email and Wufoo form to $25k in 3 months
40 Days Without Booze
JavaScript right on the hardware
Google confirms Java and OpenSSL crypto PRNG on Android are broken
Ask PG: Why are submission titles manipulated without notification?
Campaign for a new HTTP Error code: 451 - Blocked for legal reasons
The NSA is Commandeering the Internet
Introducing Stripe UK
The limits of Google’s openness
Firebase Leaves Beta Today
Show HN: Virtual Machines in the Browser
Callbacks as our Generation's Goto Statement
“People simply empty out”
NSA broke privacy rules thousands of times per year, audit finds
Obama said the NSA wasn’t “actually abusing” its powers. He was wrong
Lavabit.com owner: 'I could be arrested' for resisting surveillance order 
Happy 20th birthday Debian
Google’s “20% time,” which brought you Gmail and AdSense, is now as good as dead
Ripping Off Young America: The College-Loan Scandal
Brick – UI Components for Modern Web Apps
The De-evolution of My Laptop Battery
ZMap: Internet scanner maps all of IPv4 in 45 minutes
Show HN: noteZilla - Interactive sheet music
Kal – a clean JavaScript alternative without callbacks
Stack
Rotating Images
Quickly navigate your filesystem from the command line
Groupon sales rep threatens restaurant with negative Yelp reviews
Reshaping New York
Hacker sends this through the mail to record a video of the process
Lossy PNG
Artificial Intelligence and What Computers Still Don't Understand
Facebook vulnerability 2013
Five Hundred and Seven Mechanical Movements
NY Comptroller: Legalise marijuana, tax it and end wrongheaded war on pot
Why I left Google
Cookieless cookies
How to trap a whistleblower
Detaining my partner: a failed attempt at intimidation
Amnesty International on the detention of Greenwald's partner
Rewriting a large production system in Go
PostgreSQL Basics by Example
Chesscademy, a free chess learning site
On the Phenomenon of Bullshit Jobs
"Journey to Justinia" – how I got my 5-year-old son to sit still for 5 hours
Sayonara, V8
White House Had Advance Notice on Heathrow Detention
Bootstrap 3 released
"You've had your debate. There's no need to write anymore."
My Final Post
Loyalty and Layoffs
Tesla Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested
Obama administration asks Supreme Court to allow warrantless cellphone searches
Tesla Model X
Forced Exposure
UK Authorities Destroy Guardian's Hard Drives
Groklaw legal site shuts over fears of NSA email snooping
Mailpile – taking e-mail back
NProgress: slim, site-wide progress bars
Why was Mini USB deprecated in favor of Micro USB?
Nanomsg – MIT-licensed ZeroMQ alternative
An Absolute Beginner's Guide to Node.js
Don't reinvent the scrollbar
Ungit – Git UI that makes you understand git
Soylent: What Happened When I Stopped Eating For 2 Weeks
'Sending a message': what the US and UK are attempting to do
We Need To Talk, Google
Judge sentences Bradley Manning to 35 years
I will not do a tech interview
Does Gravity Travel at the Speed of Light? (1998)
Bradley Manning's Post-Sentencing Statement
Declassified Documents Prove NSA Is Tapping the Internet
Nginx Plus
Four fears for authoritarians
 The detention of David Miranda was an unlawful use of the Terrorism Act
Linux may have been causing USB disconnects
Fukushima leak is 'much worse than we were led to believe'
In California, a Champion for Police Cameras
Don't Fly During Ramadan
Selling Software To Large Businesses
Why does NASA use gold foil on equipment and gold-coated visors?
Javascript Frameworks Are Amazing and Nobody Is Happy
Google Ventures Puts $258M Into Uber, Its Largest Deal Ever
Hi I’m Hank, and I bought a bus
How far the once-mighty SourceForge has fallen
UK government now leaking documents about itself
Schema migrations merged into Django master
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to retire within 12 months
NSA paid millions to cover Prism compliance costs for tech companies
Python module that makes working with XML feel like working with JSON
Yeoman 1.0 Released
The Science Behind Honey’s Eternal Shelf Life
OpenStreetMap gets new, easier to use in-browser editor
Just Delete Me
The Poisonous Employee-Ranking System That Helps Explain Microsoft’s Decline
Google and the NSA: Who’s holding the ‘shit-bag’ now?
0 to 60 in One Second: Fusing WebGL, CSS 3D and HTML
Linux 3.9 introduced a new way of writing socket servers
We're only being dishonest to get your attention. Join us!
Loneliness Is Deadly
How Paypal and Reddit faked their way to traction
Showing stored passwords – Tim Berners-Lee
Dear Prime Minister Cameron
Vasili Arkhipov
GitLab 6.0 Released
Calibre version 1.0 released
NSA hacked into encrypted UN communications, leaked documents show
Timeline of NSA Domestic Spying
Nimrod: C + Macros + GC
On the Cleverness of Compilers
JsPDF - HTML5 PDF generator
I’m Thinking. Please. Be Quiet.
Mesh Networks
901614 – Adopt Tor as a feature in Firefox
Defeated
Matt Damon: Edward Snowden did a great thing
Map of America's Racial Segregation
What would you like to see most in minix? (1991)
The one HR benefit every startup should add
The flawed psychology of government mass surveillance
John Carmack: Thoughts on Haskell [video]
Reddit: Lessons Learned From Scaling To 1 Billion Pageviews A Month
Paul Graham on Building Companies for Fast Growth
Show HN: Easy to use Wikipedia API for Python
SQLite 3.8.0 Release with next-generation query planner
What Happens to the Brain When You Meditate
Go After 2 Years in Production
Flutter: $20 Wireless Arduino with 1 km range
What happens when you use a standing desk for two years
Introducing Brick: Minimal-markup Web Components for Faster App Development
Logstash joins Elasticsearch
The CODE Keyboard
Google has lowered the price of the Nexus 4 by $100
Isaac Asimov's predictions for what the world will be like in 2014
What happens when you sit at a desk for 13 years and also exercise
He got 1%, we can't hire him
New Zealand bans some software patents
Shopify POS
How one man turns annoying cold calls into cash
Docker: Git for deployment
Why am I being endorsed for skills and expertise I do not claim on my profile?
Let me tell you about a game I made with the sole intention of watching it die
Why Wal-Mart Will Never Pay Like Costco
The First Few Milliseconds of an HTTPS Connection (2009)
The Raising of Chicago
Does Steve Jobs know how to code?
Why You’ve Never Read “I Have A Dream”
 I'm Building a GitHub for Writers
A horrifying startup accelerator story
Square open-sources its Vim repo, Maximum Awesome
Explainshell – match command-line arguments to their help text
Gnome's Web Browser Ditches Google For DuckDuckGo
iPhone, meet Haskell
In emergency cases a passenger was selected and thrown out of the plane (2004)
Tell HN: Add ?share=1 to Quora URLs to display content without login
Ask HN: How Can I leave Syria now and get asylum in Europe (Germany)
More on the NSA Commandeering the Internet
Founders' Accents
Reversing Sinclair's amazing 1974 calculator hack - half the ROM of the HP-35
Basics of Neural Networks with example codes and illustrations
Ignored by big companies, Mexican village creates its own mobile service
Dark Patterns - User Interfaces Designed to Trick People
How Poverty Taxes the Brain
It's a Dumbphone, But It's the Nicest Dumbphone You Can Buy
No-fly list ruling in Portland comes close to declaring it unconstitutional
Microsoft and Google to sue over US surveillance requests
Why The Sharing Economy Isn’t
Calling the NSA: "I accidentally deleted an e-mail, can you help me recover it?"
We Let Our Employee Set Their Own Salaries
Grace Hopper
ReactOS: Rebuilding Microsoft Windows from the ground up, fully open-source
Man accused of teaching people to beat lie detector tests faces prison
Ember.js 1.0 Released
Welcome to the United States: Discriminated, detained, searched, interrogated
Brilliant or insane code?
How to Choose Colours Procedurally
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (September 2013)
9,866,539 buildings in the Netherlands, shaded according to year of construction
The Worst Programming Environment in the World?
We Need a Basic Income Guarantee
Why a medieval peasant got more vacation time than you
What did the tech CEO say to the worker he wanted to automate?
Drug Agents Use Vast Phone Trove Eclipsing N.S.A.’s
Hacker News comments I'm tired of seeing
 	Startup - Bill Watterson, a cartoonist's advice 
English has been my pain for 15 years
Developers are the autoworkers of our generation
Favicon Cheatsheet
Progressive Enhancement Is Dead
Google is defragging Android
Microsoft to acquire Nokia
Nokia acquired by Microsoft
Easy Steps to a Complete Understanding of SQL
Our Newfound Fear of Risk
Start Using Emacs – A Thorough Guide for Beginners
Lanyrd acquired by Eventbrite
Android KitKat
Kindle MatchBook
Kit Kat's homepage is currently a parody of Android announcement page
Two-factor Authentication
HelloRun - A WebGL 3D Game
Anxiety over the new Gmail Compose
The New AWS Command-Line Interface
How not to check the validity of an email address
Warning: Google Authenticator upgrade loses all accounts
KitKat's new website
Glare from London 'fryscraper' blamed for melting cars
N-gram Analysis of the New York Times Weddings Section
Android is for startups
AngularJS Tutorial: Learn to Build Modern Web Apps
School is a prison and damaging our kids
How a Car Engine Works
NSA Spying Documents to be Released As Result of EFF Lawsuit
PayPal Freezes Mailpile Campaign Funds
Ten Years of Bootstrapping: Lessons Learned
A new breed of Chrome Apps
Show HN: Ditch Black Text to Read Faster, Easier
N.S.A. Foils Much Internet Encryption
 The US government has betrayed the internet. We need to take it back
Down syndrome reversed in newborn mice with single injection
How to remain secure against NSA surveillance
How Advanced Is the NSA's Cryptanalysis, and Can We Resist It?
The NSA Is Breaking Most Encryption on the Internet
Europe drafts law to ban mobile roaming charges
Elon Musk took the futuristic gesture interface from Iron Man and made it real
0 A.D., an Open-Source Strategy Game
Nginx Is Taking Over the Internet
YC Will Now Fund Nonprofits Too
NSA Codebreaking: I Am The Other
Logo, Bullshit & Co., Inc.
16 Major Firms May Have Received Early Data From Thomson Reuters
Sweden 'a close partner' in NSA surveillance
Rambling On [PHP] Internals
Tesla Model S Outperforms Aston Martin
Adafruit's Trinket
Linode SSD Beta
Google encrypts data amid backlash against NSA spying
Infectious disease doesn't care why you're unvaccinated
London student reported to police: “Enchanted by anarchism and individualism”
Easy 6502
Speculation on "BULLRUN"
Snowden Disclosures Finally Hit 12 on a Scale of 1 to 10
John Gilmore: NSA obstructed development of IPSEC Crypto in Linux Kernel
Obama administration had restrictions on NSA reversed in 2011
Why hardware development is hard: Verilog is weird
You are committing a crime right now (2012)
Quark: A secure Web Browser with a Formally Verified Kernel
Theranos
Left with Nothing
Startup Ideas Every Nerd Has (That Never Work)
JPEG image glitching / corruption
Hacker News All-Time Top Links  
Probabilistic Programming & Bayesian Methods for Hackers
Groupon India sells Onion. Traffic crashes site.
Python API
Postgresql 9.3 Released
(Trying To) Face Down The Evil At TechCrunch Disrupt
Hermit: a font for programmers, by a programmer
The Frameless Geodesic Dome I currently live in
(λove (print (eval (read))))
The Student Loan Bubble is Starting To Burst
Why you should not pirate Google’s geo APIs
Statement of Condemnation of U.S. Mass-Surveillance Programs [pdf]
To my daughter's high school programming teacher
How to Advertise on a Porn Website
Don't trust me: I might be a spook
Unix Commands I Wish I’d Discovered Years Earlier
Apple Unveils The iPhone 5S
Manipulating objects in photos in 3D (video)
Client-side full text search in CSS
Why BuzzFeed Should Pay My Invoice For Copyright Infringement
Why you should not trust emails sent from Google
Huge water reserve discovered in Kenya
Government Announces Steps to Restore Confidence on Encryption Standards
Eloquent JavaScript, Second Edition
Fucking Sue Me (2011)
NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel
Steam Family Sharing
Poll: Are there too many NSA stories on HN, or not enough?
Black Perl
Putin: A Plea for Caution From Russia
"I have come to find out what it's like to be dumb."
H2 {position: sticky} [video]
Shot tower
Show HN: Wit – Natural language for your app
Dropbox opening my docs?
Voyager 1 has been traveling for about a year through plasma between stars
First Mechanical Gear Found in a Living Creature
Twitter Files For IPO
Cocktails for programmers
Bruce Schneier has changed his PGP key to 4096 bits
Michael Dell buys back PC company he founded in $24.8bn deal
How is Docker.io different from a normal virtual machine?
Happy Programmers' Day
USB Condoms
Google knows nearly every Wi-Fi password in the world
New NSA Leak Shows MITM Attacks Against Major Internet Services
The Feynman Lectures on Physics, Volume I
FBI Admits It Controlled Tor Servers Behind Mass Malware Attack
Drug addiction: The complex truth
Semantic UI – A language for sharing UI
E-ZPasses Get Read All Over New York (Not Just At Toll Booths)
No more CSS and HTML, just JS
NIST "strongly" suggests dropping its own encryption standard
Being poor changes your thinking about everything
Securing a Linux Server
Why two spaces after a period isn’t wrong – lies typographers tell about history
Short film set entirely on a teen's computer screen
Civet coffee: why it's time to cut the crap
Why Phonebloks Will Never Happen
SICP translated to JavaScript
Realtime pixel tracking with nginx, syslog-ng, and Redis
How I sent 300k emails through Github's API in a matter of minutes
Django Security Release - 1.5.4
Where my mouth is
How I thought I wanted to become a digital nomad
A Course in Machine Learning
How To Deconstruct Almost Anything (1993)
World
Data Mining and Analysis: Fundamental Concepts and Algorithms [pdf]
Why Is Zambia So Poor?
Star Wars opening crawl from 1977 in HTML/CSS/JS
Dear USA, my data has left your building
UAV Provides Colorado Flooding Assistance Until FEMA Freaks Out
Bump (YC S09) has been acquired by Google
Rich Hickey's Greatest Hits
Five years ago, Stack Overflow launched
Gabe Newell: Linux is the future of gaming, new hardware coming soon
My Friends and I Bought an Island
Show HN: goworker – a faster, Resque-compatible background worker
Tim O'Reilly: How I Failed
Angry entrepreneur replies to patent troll with racketeering lawsuit
Starlite
Don't use Hadoop when your data isn't that big
jor1k: OR1000 Javascript Emulator Running Linux
Smart Things Jeff Bezos Has Said
OpenZFS launch
How to Raise Money
GitHub announces 3D File Diffs
Nodeschool.io
The Norwegian prison where inmates are treated like people
iOS 7 before and after screenshots
The iPhone 5s Review
A Jewel at the Heart of Quantum Physics
Verizon, caught red-handed
The Engineer Who converted 12,100 Cups Of Pudding to 1.25 Million Air Miles
Cyanogen raises $7 million to build a better version of Android
Google announces Calico, a new company that will focus on health and well-being
Children are suffering a severe deficit of play
The Architecture of Open Source Applications
The Dribbblisation of Design
Open plan offices attract highest levels of worker dissatisfaction
Moot: Full House
DivX Now Installs Malware
Sloppy UI – A collection of sloppy iOS7 UIs
Nintendo visionary Hiroshi Yamauchi dies aged 85
Go Pro on a soaring eagle [video]
Command-line tools for data science
I Am An Object Of Internet Ridicule, Ask Me Anything
Joe Armstrong on Programmer Productivity
Artillery is building a hardcore RTS with HTML5 and WebGL
Edward C++Hands
Apple iOS 7 surprises as first with new multipath TCP connections
Mozilla Labs: TogetherJS
Show HN: UI Concept – Focus Transition
My Daughter’s Homework Is Killing Me
FreeBSD 10′s New Technologies and Features
Less is exponentially more (2012)
A beginner's cheat sheet for web development
Einstein and the Great Fed Robbery
How airline reservations are used to target illegal searches
US nearly detonated atomic bomb over North Carolina in 1961
Apple's A7 is Made By Samsung
Cmd.fm
Apple’s iPhone 5 touchscreen is 2.5 times faster than Android devices
Temperature chart for the last 11,000 years
The Real Reason The Poor Go Without Bank Accounts
Peachy Printer - The world's first $100 3D Printer
CrossFit's Dirty Little Secret
Why I'm Planning to Kill W3Schools
The Honey Launderers: Uncovering the Largest Food Fraud in U.S. History
The Ph.D.-Industry Gap
Spy Files 3
Trader Joe's Ex-President To Turn Expired Food Into Cheap Meals
LinkedIn sued by users who say it hacked their e-mail accounts
Deciphering the Business Card Raytracer
How to tell your mother and bosses why they should protest surveillance
BackgroundCheck
Chaos Computer Club breaks Apple TouchID
The Free Software Foundation is even more relevant now than before
Why The New Gmail Sucks
Google timer
Rainyday.js
Metadata Equals Surveillance
Ask HN: How much recurring income do you generate, and from what?
Microsoft’s Hardware, Round 2: Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2
SteamOS
Fairfax strikes $4.7-billion deal to buy BlackBerry
How to Hire
10x Engineer
This hacker might seem shady, but throwing him in jail is bad for everyone
iMessage for Android
Chilling legal memo from Obama DOJ justifies assassination of US citizens
Nvidia to release documentation on Nouveau project
The Banality of Systemic Evil
Starting an Airline 
Confusing UI in iOS7
Nvidia seeks peace with Linux, pledges help on open source driver
JetBrains releases open-source Python IDE
Urbit: A clean-slate functional OS
How we tripled our revenue by adding one button
Requests v2.0 Python module released
Mozilla's New Fira Typeface
Scaling Django to 8 Billion Page Views
The shittiest project I ever worked on
Solved By Flexbox – Cleaner, hack-free CSS
Lanyrd: From idea to exit – the story of our startup
SteamMachines
Switch to HTTPS Now, For Free
Show HN: Drawingboard.js
VLC 2.1.0
At 16, Ganesh got a job in Qatar. Two months later he was dead
FastMail staff purchase the business from Opera
PayPal Acquires Braintree for $800M
Reveal.js
The new Galaxy Note 3 is region-locked
Dolphin Emulator and OpenGL drivers - Hall of Fame/Shame
Troll-Killing Patent Reform One Step Closer
Mars water surprise in Curiosity rover soil samples
Google Hangouts/GTalk glitch sends chats to wrong recipients
Git concepts simplified
Call me maybe: Cassandra
NASA paywalls first papers arising from Curiosity rover – I am setting them free
Why Your Startup Can’t Find Developers
Born of Reddit, Imgur now dwarfs the ‘front page of the Internet’
Why can a scam company raise $40 Million Series C + $76 Million Series B?
JustFab.com JustFabulous Class Action Lawsuit (2011)
New UNIX implementation (1983)
Steam Controller
A simple git branching model
Decoding Vibrations From Nearby Keyboards With Mobile Phone Accelerometers [pdf]
ARM64 and You
The Future of AngularJS
How to build great products
Crowdfunding for Typed Clojure and ClojureScript
Choc: Bret Victor's 'Learnable Programming' implemented in Javascript
Why we're supporting Typed Clojure
Thoreau 2.0 
N.S.A. Examines Social Networks of U.S. Citizens
Spaced repetition for study and learning
My time with the Steam Controller
Underscore Price Dynamics
UTF-8 – "The most elegant hack"
Why Free Software Is More Important Now Than Ever Before
Day 180: Finished
Keypress: A Javascript library for capturing input
Create diagrams in the browser
SpaceX Launch - Official Webcast
Free HTML Starter Templates for Bootstrap
Tessel: The end of web development as we know it
A negative captcha
How to get bias into a Wikipedia article
Programming is a Terrible Job
Codebreaker found in bag attended US security conference before death (2012)
Lavabit needs your help to fight for the right to keep emails private
French Gendarmerie: "Open source desktop lowers TCO by 40%"
Google Web Designer
NSA stores metadata of millions of web users for up to a year, secret files show
A friend died nearly 2 years ago. I had no idea
App Store Pricing: Worth Less than a Cup of Coffee
BitTorrent Chat - Private instant messaging via secure, distributed technology
RyuJIT: The next-generation JIT compiler for .NET
Firefox fixes save gigabytes of memory on image-heavy pages
NSA critics Ilija Trojanov: German writer must not enter the U.S.
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (October 2013)
How traffic actually works
A 3D printed toothbrush for all your teeth
Fingerprints are Usernames, not Passwords
Show HN: "Who is hiring" mapped
JavaScript Allongé is free
Monitor your Website’s Uptime with Google Docs
Children aren't born smart. They're made smart by conversation
How to make $100k in Open Source by working hard
HTML5 Flash Player (Shumway) lands in Mozilla
Tom Clancy has died
FBI raids alleged online drug market Silk Road, arrests owner
Criminal Complaint against Ross Ulbricht aka "Dread Pirate Roberts" [pdf]
Mobile web design: The reign of morons, indeed
Lavabit Defied FBI Demands to Turn Over Crypto Keys, Documents Show
MTurk + Google News API = press
PostgreSQL Studio
Patent Troll Lodsys Settles for Nothing to Avoid Trial
Lmctfy: Google's Linux application container stack
Mark Cuban makes Shark Tank remove equity clause in contract
Lavabit founder Ladar Levison's promised big announcement
Launching your project to the world? Try these sites to get the word out
So I’m the guy who sent the t-shirt out as a thank you
After 180 Websites, I’m Ready to Start the Rest of My Life as a Coder
W3C OKs Adding DRM into HTML5 Spec
The Hacker News Generation (Afraid of Hard Work)
Ocean acidification due to carbon emissions is at highest for 300m years
Stanford researchers to open source model they say has nailed sentiment analysis
Center of the universe
Mozilla bug 923590: Pledge never to implement HTML5 DRM
MongoDB Raises $150 Million at $1.2 Billion Valuation
Melatonin
Attacking Tor: how the NSA targets users' online anonymity
'Tor Stinks' presentation – read the full document
Model S Fire
Show HN: Introducing Harp – A static web server with built in preprocessing
And Then Steve Said, ‘Let There Be an iPhone’
Nvidia Removed Linux Driver Feature Due to Windows
You Must Try, and then You Must Ask
Show HN: govuptime.com
Boston Dynamics Unleashes Wildcat, the Sprinting Quadruped Robot
Swiss to vote on 2,500 franc basic income for every adult
Rubinius 2.0 released
Maven is broken by design
Appmaker
Preventing 'layout thrashing'
I emailed the CEO of T-Mobile and he killed my contract
How to Corrupt an SQLite Database File
Ethiopian Binary Math
A "Hacker's" Guide to the Bay Area
Interview of Glenn Greenwald [video]
Open Source made me the man I am
Archiving URLs
How to get your first 10 customers
Time to hand over the reins before Capistrano costs me my youth?
Bedrock Linux
FastMail’s servers are in the US – what this means for you
Javascript apps can be fully crawlable
NY Attorney General hits AirBnB with subpoena for user data
FBI struggles to seize 600,000 Bitcoins from alleged Silk Road founder
Why the Tech Industry Needs to Deal With Its Ageism Problem
The Georgia Tech Online Master of Science in CS is now accepting applications
A Big List of D3 Examples
Silk Road 2.0: A concept of a distributed anonymous marketplace
Nuclear fusion milestone passed at US lab
Animation to Explain CSS Triangles
Piercing Through WhatsApp’s Encryption
Frequency-shaped background noise generators
Bertrand Russell: In Praise of Idleness (1932)
Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Englert and Higgs
How Lavabit Melted Down
Nest introduces their Smoke Detector
Whatever happened to due process?
Introducing Login and Pay with Amazon
Lavabit SSL Cert Revoked
Aren't you glad you didn't cite this webpage?
The Sierpinski triangle page to end most Sierpinski triangle pages
What I've been up to for the past year
Pinay traumatized by horror trip to US
Open-Source Graphics Processor
Why does the C preprocessor interpret the word “linux” as the constant “1”?
Our Logo Looks Like Underpants: A Case Study in Internationalization
Experiment in booting Linux fast
What I learned from getting my side project acquired
Oops: Azerbaijan released election results before voting had even started
You can increase your intelligence
A public TrueCrypt Audit
T-Mobile to offer free unlimited international data, texts
Should we stop believing Malcolm Gladwell?
We paid $634 million for the Obamacare sites and all we got was this lousy 404
IKEA or Death-Metal
Poll: What are your liked and disliked programming languages?
This Bird Can Stay in Flight for Six Months Straight
“I wrote FAT on an airplane, for heaven's sake”
The myth of NASA's expensive space pens
Facebook Removing Option To Be Unsearchable By Name
Full archives of Game Developer magazine
Wikileaks internal memo on "The Fifth Estate"
Iconic: Advanced icons for the modern web
Demands on Lavabit violated Fourth Amendment, lawyers say
Facebook is using D in production starting today
Formula 1′s Leading Team Has a Big Secret
Air Gaps
ECMA-404: The JSON Data Interchange Format [pdf]
A list of free programming books
Rather than savage cuts, Switzerland considers “Star Trek” economics
Why Registers Are Fast and RAM Is Slow
If you use Google+, you could become an ad next month
Valve demonstrates Steam Controller [video]
America knows everything
TextTeaser – An automatic summarization algorithm
Why Microsoft Word must die
Because it needs to be said
Facebook PHP Source Code from August 2007
I got hired at a Bangladesh sweatshop. Meet my 9-year-old boss [video]
Linux only needs one 'killer' game to explode, says Battlefield director
Hostnames
Research Finds Outright Grants of Cash are an Effective Form of Aid to the Poor
Reverse Engineering a D-Link Backdoor
The Workman Keyboard Layout
TSA loudspeakers threaten travelers with arrest for joking about security
Zoomquilt
T-Mobile Rocks
Edward Snowden wins Sam Adams award [video]
Redecentralize: Quietly, some geeks are decentralizing the net again
Cypherpunks 2.0
Stanford Ovshinsky: the greatest scientist you've never heard of?
Richard Feynman: Cargo Cult Science (1974)
On being the right size (1928)
Ghost Launches to The Public
Which hashing algorithm is best for uniqueness and speed?
Scott Adams: How to Be Successful
The San Francisco Exodus
Why Android SSL was downgraded from AES256-SHA to RC4-MD5 in late 2010
Google Fiber now allows servers for non-commercial use
Ggplot2 for python
How the .0001% Made Its Money
The Russia Left Behind
Welcome, Freshmen. You Don't Deserve to Be Here
Ask HN: Why dont my upvotes work?
Baidu now accepts Bitcoin
Free Font: Norwester
Hacker News is a social echo chamber
Manager.io – Free accounting software for small businesses
Introducing government.github.com
Things I learned at YC
MathGifs
Glenn Greenwald is leaving The Guardian
GoDaddy, Media Temple, and the Horrible World of Web Hosting
Square Cash
f.lux has been updated to a new version
Debugging a Live Saturn V
Coding Interview Tips
No More Callbacks: 10,000 Actors, 10,000 Threads, 10,000 Spaceships
See Your Folks
Reproducibility Initiative gets $1.3M grant to validate 50 cancer studies
Introducing TogetherJS
FlyKly Smart Wheel
Ubuntu 13.10 (Saucy Salamander)
Adi Shamir Prevented from Attending Crypto and Cryptology Conferences
Visual Studio 2013 released to web
Wireshark is switching to Qt
Lessons Learned Going from Zero to $30k/Month in a Year
TSA Admits In Leaked Doc: No Evidence of Terrorist Plots Against Aviation in US
Show HN: My x86 emulator written in JavaScript
To an alarming degree, science is not self-correcting
You’re infected—if you want to see your data again, pay us $300 in Bitcoins
Sleep Flushes Toxins from the Brain
Only a few countries are teaching children how to think
Sir Trevor Editor
You don't need millions of dollars
Interactive Resume
Oboe.js: reacting to Ajax/Rest quicker by not waiting for it to finish
Google shares hit $1,000 after strong earnings
Why we revert to original titles
What Do Cats See?
The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux
Want people to trust you? Try apologising for the rain
Nvidia's G-Sync: Attempting to Revolutionize Gaming via Smoothness
PredictionIO – A machine learning server
Every position of Rubik's Cube can be solved in twenty moves or less
Why I moved to Miami
Uptime Robot
Macaw – Code-savvy web design tool
What happens when you're #1 on Hacker News for a day
Apple didn't revolutionize power supplies; new transistors did
Startup School 2013 – Live Stream
From China, With Love
Facebook CSRF leading to full account takeover (fixed)
Ma’am, Your Burger Has Been Paid For
Why have young people in Japan stopped having sex?
Google Checkout Closing Down on Nov. 20th
The Ocean is Broken
The genius and folly of MongoDB
What’s New In Python 3.4
This is a valid ipv4 address
Google’s iron grip on Android: Controlling open source by any means necessary
Poll: Where are you currently living?
Experian Sold Consumer Data to ID Theft Service
Dear Startups: stop asking me math puzzles to figure out if I can code
How Much Surveillance Can Democracy Withstand?
Learn Haskell Fast and Hard
Why Does Windows Have Terrible Battery Life?
Startup School 2013 Doodles
How to get rid of old stuff, sell it for more, and use Amazon as cheap storage
CryptoSeal (YC S11) Shutting Down Private VPN
Wikipedia editors, locked in battle with PR firm, delete 250 accounts
Dawn of Autonomous Corporations, Powered by Bitcoin
How to lose $172,222 a second for 45 minutes
USB Implementers Forum Says No to Open Source
Explicit bootstrapping of pip in Python installations
Amazon's minimum order size for free shipping is now $35
37signals Works Remotely [video]
Apple Says New OS X ‘Mavericks’ Will Be Offered for Free
OS X 10.9 Mavericks: The Ars Technica Review
How to Tango with Django: A Python Django Tutorial
Russian programmer fights Goldman Sachs and wins one round
Ask HN: Why the Microsoft hate?
Pure CSS3 dancing Bender
Deep C and C++ (2011)
French Court Allows Reverse Engineering of Skype Protocol
Lime – Experimental Sublime Text clone
Dr. Arjun Srinivasan: We’ve Reached “The End of Antibiotics, Period”
Font Awesome 4 released
LinkedIn Intro: Doing the Impossible on iOS
Show HN: Sketchology
Pixelmator 3.0
Snap – A JavaScript SVG Library
CodeCombat in Y Combinator
Finally, A Bill To End Patent Trolling
So You'd Like to Make a Map using Python
The best patent troll-killing bill yet
 Google breaks 2005 promise never to show banner ads on search results
The PC is not dead, we just don't need new ones
Off
New banner ads push actual Google results to bottom 12% of the screen
How I compiled TrueCrypt 7.1a for Win32 and matched the official binaries
LinkedIn ‘Intro’duces Insecurity
Microsoft reports record first-quarter revenue of $18.53 billion
NSA monitored calls of 35 world leaders
Gzip + poetry = awesome
EFF Has Lavabit’s Back in Contempt of Court Appeal
Seagate just reinvented the disk interface using Ethernet
In Almost Every European Country, Bikes Are Outselling New Cars
Is Google building a hulking floating data center in SF Bay?
Mozilla Lightbeam – Relationships between third parties and the sites you visit
Meet the Private Companies Helping Cops Spy on Protesters
An unofficial alternative to the HN interface
The Architecture of Open Source Applications
A 140-Acre Forest Is About to Materialize in the Middle of Detroit
Why Putting SSH On Another Port is a Good Idea
Ask HN: Why can't I see downvote or upvote arrows anywhere?
Mac OS 10.9 – Infinity times your spam
Ask HN: What are you working on and why is it cool?
Federal Prosecutors, in a Policy Shift, Cite Warrantless Wiretaps as Evidence
Mod_python - the long story
Show HN: A Github for writers?
Cheaper to rent in Barcelona and commute to London
Clojure from the ground up
Startup School 2013 Videos Now Online
US bugged Merkel's phone from 2002 until 2013, report claims
My dad unexpectedly uses my Linux laptop to get real work done
Amazon and the "profitless business model" fallacy
C--
Lou Reed, Velvet Underground Leader and Rock Pioneer, Dead at 71
Science has lost its way, at a big cost to humanity
Phishing with Linkedin's Intro
Run Windows 1.01 in your browser
Run Mac OS System 7 in your browser
April 5, 2007: "Show HN, Dropbox"
Why You Shouldn't Interrupt a Programmer
Fish shell 2.1
Winter is coming
Wow, or from the When-Apple-Became-the-Borg Department
Discoveries Ten Years Later in Zelda Speedrun
Russia: Hidden chips 'launch spam attacks from irons'
Particle effects in JavaScript
Surface Pro 2
Things that suck in AngularJS
Here's how I deal with users who steal
Goodbye Sticky. Hello Ara
Apple censors Lawrence Lessig over warranty information
Stupid Programmer Tricks and Star Wars GIFs
9/11 Suspects Can’t Mention being Tortured during Trial because Classified
Firefox 25 is released
Finally Redis collections are iterable
Dotcloud becoming Docker
Profit affects doctors' treatment decisions
Ionicons – Free and beautiful icons, MIT licensed
/dev/null as a Service
Users complain their Dell 6430u laptops smell like cat piss
Cisco to release BSD-licensed H.264 stack
Does life end after 35?
NSA infiltrates links to Yahoo, Google data centers worldwide
Announcing The Dark Mail Alliance – Founded by Silent Circle and Lavabit
The Battle for Power on the Internet
Mozilla will add H.264 to Firefox as Cisco makes push for WebRTC’s future
Java Virtual Machine in pure Node.js
Let's Build a Compiler
Why Meteor will kill Ruby on Rails
MIT Wristband Could Make AC Obsolete
Mysterious Mac and PC malware that jumps airgaps?
Android for all and the new Nexus 5
Nexus 5
Comcast is donating to defeat mayor who is bringing gigabit fiber to Seattle
Introducing Neo900
Fifth Amendment Prohibits Compelled Decryption, New EFF Brief Argues
Web Framework Benchmarks Round 7
It’s time for Silicon Valley to ask: Is it worth it?
How I Got My First 1000 Users in 1 Day
Don't Pipe to your Shell
Patent war goes nuclear: Microsoft, Apple-owned “Rockstar” sues Google
Martin Gräßlin, KDE: "Good Bye, Ubuntu"
NSA Files Decoded: What the revelations mean for you
I Bought An Apartment To Rent Out On Airbnb
OpenBSD 5.4 Released
University of Waterloo: Silicon Valley's Canadian Feeder School
My Hardest Bug Ever
25 years ago this week, the Morris Worm brought the Internet to its knees
Rails 4.0.1 has been released
My really successful, unfundable, piece of shit startup I hate to love
Time to move on? The case against daylight saving time
Can Snowden be targeted using the Adobe breach?
Smart Air
Are You A Typing Hacker? Prove It
Why does the alarm clock snooze button give you nine extra minutes, not ten?
Show HN: Game where you write Python robots to fight other players
Git 2.0 changes push default to ‘simple’
Smooth Online Signatures, Open Source
Welcome To The Unicorn Club: Learning From Billion-Dollar Startups
Django plugins you shouldn't start without
Why does HTML think “chucknorris” is a color? (2011)
The Quest to Build a Truly Free Version of Android
Why It's So Hard to Get From Brooklyn to Queens
How much money are you earning from your software products?
Fake femme fatale dupes IT guys at US government agency
Few successful entrepreneurs blog
Dogescript
All around the world, labour is losing out to capital
Hawala
My First Job: Fired and Rehired on Day 1
Chuck Moore's Creations
In CSS, “px” is not an angular measurement and it is not non-linear
Get Shit Done: The Worst Startup Culture
Media for Thinking the Unthinkable
Show HN: Real-time file sharing site
Avoiding Heart Disease
Use a Google Spreadsheet as your JSON backend
The Monster Truck Madness 2 site is unchanged from 1998
Mangalyaan, India’s First Mars Mission
MacKenzie Bezos Writes Amazon Review for Jeff Bezos Biography
Let's have coffee.
Statistics Done Wrong – The woefully complete guide
Everpix was great. This is how it died
We Work Remotely – New Job Board from 37 Signals
Debian: Change default desktop to xfce
A Critique of Lavabit
Apple hides a Patriot-Act-busting "warrant canary" in its transparency report
After traffic stop, man forced to have x-ray, enema, anal probes and colonoscopy
Google Security Team Member on NSA: "Fuck These Guys"
Show HN: I'm working on an open-source Gmail replacement
Django 1.6 released
Kofi Annan: Stop 'war on drugs'
Silk Road 2.0 Launches
Lifestyle programming
Fourier Transforms – The Math Trick Behind MP3s, JPEGs, and Homer Simpson’s Face
Presto: Interacting with petabytes of data at Facebook
Fourier Toy
Google Apps drop support for IE9
Diary of a programmer with no clue about marketing
Google's Shell Style Guide
Clang is now feature complete for C++14
Hstore development for 9.4 release
TWTR
Show HN: Hosted Docker-as-a-Service on SSDs for $5
Wikipedia Zero
How Can the New York Times Endorse an Agreement the Public Can't Read?
A culture of beer and overtime
Zurb Ink: Responsive HTML Email Framework
The Surveillance State Puts U.S. Elections at Risk of Manipulation
Rotate the world
Co-Founder of Youtube makes his first comment in 8 years
Fix Ubuntu
Sprite Lamp
Why Cruise Ships are My Favorite Remote Work Location
OpenSSH security advisory
Git Cheatsheet
Wounded QR Codes
Amazon Analytics Service
Why I won't get a Google+ Custom URL
AngularJS 1.2.0: timely-delivery
GIMP Windows Installers move from Sourceforge to ftp.gimp.org
Try Hy
Shopify accepts Bitcoin
Pyret: A new programming language from the creators of Racket
The Big Data Brain Drain: Why Science is in Trouble
Questions to ask your potential employer
Super Soaker creator awarded $72.9M from Hasbro
From a Model S owner in Tennessee
Hey developers, stop forcing me to login to unsubscribe
Stop the NSA "Fake Fix" Bill
Android: The Land That Python Forgot
Typhoon Haiyan kills 10,000 in Philippines
Dear Facebook: You Suck
Nonplussed
Facebook Publications
I quit my job, and I'm excited about a more independent life
Four years of Go
Tetris and The Power Of CSS
Microsoft Research Publications
Amazon to Begin Sunday Deliveries, With Post Office's Help
The Narcissism of Small Code Differences (2008)
Simpsons in CSS
Linux ate my RAM 
Why You Should Never Use MongoDB
GitHub's Explore Email
Jenkin developers accidentally do "git push --force" to over 150 repos on github
Severing Ties with the NSA
FTL: Advanced Edition
How long do disk drives last?
End of Inception decoded [video]
Bill Gates: My Plan to Improve Our World, and How You Can Help
Heirloom Chemistry Set
Microsoft does away with stack ranking
Occupy Wall Street activists buy $15m of Americans' personal debt
Dataset: Databases for lazy people
Why Japanese Web Design Is So Different
The second operating system hiding in every mobile phone
Edward Snowden is Almost Broke
Moving forward on improving HTTP's security
Secret Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement
A spreadsheet in fewer than 30 lines of JavaScript, no library used
Microsoft and Xamarin partner
Amazon WorkSpaces
Stop Freelancing
How I faced my fears and learned to be good at math
Snapchat Spurned $3 Billion Acquisition Offer from Facebook
TPP Leak Confirms the Worst: US Still Trying to Trade Away Internet Freedoms
What happened when my co-founder quit the night before our YC interview
Should Quadrotors All Look Like This?
EFF:  Stop Secret Copyright Treaties
Vi Hart: cramming G+ into YouTube has made comments even worse, I'm leaving
Google wins book-scanning case: judge finds “fair use,” cites many benefits
Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
Coin
Never Heard of It
How GitHub No Longer Works [video]
How I Got a 2x Speedup With One Line of Code
Coin: A step in the wrong direction
The Wallaby Card
How I Learned to Work a Room
Show HN: Gitter – Chat for GitHub
Winning at Candy Crush
Jeremy Hammond sentenced to 10 years for Stratfor leak
Why the tech press is ignoring Zulily's huge IPO
ZeroMQ is just sockets
Twitter Bootstrap without all the debt
PS4 UX is powered by WebGL
FixYT
Wikileaks publishes 500k new Stratfor emails
Terminal Cornucopia
A living death: Sentenced to die behind bars for what?
Make-A-Wish Foundation Turns San Francisco Into Gotham for 5-Year-Old Batkid
37signals valuation tops $100 billion after bold VC investment (2009)
Dear Google: Stop asking
Why Do Companies Still Use Microsoft Windows For Displays?
Empty London
Many PS4 units dead on arrival
Dear Googles: G+/YouTube Anschluss – you've done outed me
Deleting my Google+ profile
What 4chan thinks of HN
Ask HN: Google employees, why is G+ more important than your users?
Petition against forced Google+ integration on YouTube hits 112,000
Battle-ready Nginx – an optimization guide
Two million Raspberry Pi sold
Read less HN
Mercurial developer responds to "Switch to git?"
Google's Decline Really Bugs Me
GitHub Résumé
Code Firefox
Idiomatic Clojure with LightTable
Ask HN: I'm 15, won a grant to develop a suicide prevention app, what next?
Australis is landing in Firefox Nightly
Visual Cryptography
What It's Like to Fail
Why Russians Are Not Smiling (2011)
Senate hearing on Bitcoin [video]
This Google ad has moved people to tears across India and Pakistan
Booting to Rust
LG Smart TVs log USB filenames and viewing info to LG servers
Recursive raytracer in 35 lines of JavaScript
The Mission of Tesla
Why I Will Never Go Back to the United States
Pencil 
The first Bitcoin post on HN
"Like A Rolling Stone" – Interactive Video
JavaScript particle simulator
English Has a New Preposition, Because Internet
The American Police State
Undo
Mathematicians Team Up on Twin Primes Conjecture
US senators say there’s “no evidence” bulk metadata surveillance is useful
Can anyone tell me what these services do?
Software patent reform just died in the House
Winamp shutting down on December 20th, 2013
Bokeh – Interactive web visualization library in Python
What happens when the U.S. President uses your startup for a conference call
Machine learning is easier than it looks
When We Lose Antibiotics, Here's Everything Else We'll Lose Too
25 years ago I hoped we would extend Emacs to do WYSIWG word processing
High Frequency Dating
US blogger fined 8,000 Euros by France for criticizing Société Générale
Mathematica on Raspberry Pi for free
Why open-office layouts are bad for employees, bosses, and productivity
Zurb Foundation 5 Released
Free vector icons
Why I Turned Down $5 Million in VC Funding
Node.js Tools for Visual Studio
LG TV logging filenames from network folders
Google Account Recovery Vulnerability
HTML5 game written in 0 lines of JS
Magnus Carlsen is World Chess Champion
Someone just made a $147,239,214 Bitcoin transfer
DOJ lied to Supreme Court to avoid judicial review of warrantless surveillance
Id Software founder John Carmack resigns
Redis 2.8.0 stable is out
Wolfram Language
Richest Bitcoin Addresses
ClojureScript Koans: Learn ClojureScript from inside your browser
Why don't metals bond when touched together?
How to design a class
Building a Crystal Clear Whiteboard
Programming Language Checklist
Sudden Progress on Prime Number Problem Has Mathematicians Buzzing
Walmart Node.js Memory Leak
Here’s who probably did that $150 million Bitcoin transaction
The Neuroscientist Who Discovered He Was a Psychopath
Basic Data Structures and Algorithms in the Linux Kernel
What does "HREF" stand for? (2008)
Study Suggests Link Between Dread Pirate Roberts and Satoshi Nakamoto
One Woman's Dangerous War Against the Most Hated Man on the Internet
What is the enlightenment I'm supposed to attain after studying finite automata?
I Hope My Father Dies Soon
33 Questions
Why Class?
How I Automated “Finding Almost Anyone’s Email Address”
Motherfucking Website
How to Get Good at Chess, Fast
Half an operating system: The triumph and tragedy of OS/2
Newegg trial: Crypto legend takes the stand, goes for knockout patent punch
How Money Moves Around The Banking System
FDA Warning Letter to 23andMe
India's Nuclear Scientists Keep Dying Mysteriously
That's a fun trick Google
My deadly disease was just a 23andme bug
What if successful startups are just lucky?
Lessons from 2 months of remote working
Jury: Newegg infringes Spangenberg patent, must pay $2.3 million
How Hacker News ranking really works: scoring, controversy, and penalties
Vote Now: Who Should Be TIME’s Person of the Year? Edward Snowden
End the N.S.A. Dragnet, Now
Docker 0.7 runs on all Linux distributions
“MongoDB is dead. Long live Postgresql”
Web GL Ocean Simulation
On Penny Arcade, Exploitation, and the Myth of the Do-Everything Rock Star
Cmder: portable console emulator for windows
I Am Not Satoshi
Penny Arcade’s Insultingly Horrible Job
Started a stupid company. Failed. 
On Asm.js
The string type is broken
New Bacterial Life-Form Discovered in NASA and ESA Spacecraft Clean Rooms
Jolla
Bitcoin Reaches 1000 USD
Dear Spike Lee