Inside the high-tech fortresses of the super-rich
The Best Turkey Frying Disasters on the Internet
What is the worst episode of your favorite TV show?
GIANT CAT SHAPED COUCH! GIANT CAT SHAPED COUCH!
8 Superhero Origins the Movies Got Right (and 8 That They Messed Up)
Sensing your own body is more complicated than you realize
This video is so viscerally satisfying, my body is actually tingling
The 10 Types of Teen Heroes, Ranked According to Wish-Fulfillment
Why Robotech is the greatest love story of the 20th century
How did these long lost treasures get rediscovered?
Why Isaac Asimov's famous dystopia is still relevant today
How NASA might build its very first warp drive
The new Ghost Rider is ditching his motorcycle for a car
The Kids' Trick That's Actually a Complicated Philosophical Paradox
Here Are the Items that Your Gamer Friends Actually Want as Presents
The Ultimate Collection of Science Fiction Pin-Up Art [NSFW]
What lava looks like when poured over ice
Unbelievable Photos of the Most Challenging Structural Relocations Ever
"Zombie" Comet ISON Refuses to Die!
Our new favorite Twitter account finds faces in the strangest places
This could be the earliest flowering plant ever found in North America
The Joker's 1989 Macy's Day Parade appearance is pretty messed up
China's 'Jade Rabbit' Rover Heads For The Moon On Sunday
Joel and the Bots, Turkey Day 2013
Lady Gaga's Muppet Thanksgiving Special Did Terribly In The Ratings
Watch the first episode of Dan Harmon's new show Rick and Morty
Could a cybernetic implant really help you lose weight?
The best turkey-related graphic you'll see all day:
Watch a normal dude transform into Judge Dredd in less than a minute
New Computer-Designed 'Drug' Prevents AIDS From Replicating
The congruence bias is why we all jump to conclusions and stay there
First (fuzzy) look at Amazing Spider-Man's Rhino and Green Goblin
Controversial study linking GM corn to tumors in rats retracted
Starting a Website? Get a Domain Name and Hosting for $19
The Best Black Friday Deals
The Ultimate io9 Gift Guide for 2013
The trailer for Japan's Gothic Lolita Battle Bear is charmingly insane
What are DC's big plans for Aquaman?
The Harsh Alien World Where Riddick Makes His Last Stand
7 Things You Had No Idea the World Is Running Out Of
What series/franchise would really benefit from an anthology series…
Who's the best space pilot in any universe?
Loose Seals! Adorable Baby Seals Released
Once we start geohacking, we won't be able to stop
Feel like a fraud? You might have Impostor Syndrome.
The Bittersweet Story of Francis, YouTube's Biggest Video Game Nerd
Why would we evolve to poop in the same place as our friends?
Why is your stomach growling right now?
Has Comet ISON broken up?
Nope. Scientists did not just find an 'alcoholism gene'
I am thankful this Magic: The Gathering puppet musical exists
Why are we so fascinated by photographs of decaying buildings?
Bilbo finally meets Smaug in this fantastic new Hobbit TV spot
This animated Donkey Kong wedding cake just won best nerd cake forever
Small Black Holes Are Deadlier Than Previously Thought
Winter is coming, and so are Game of Thrones action figures
Today is Comet ISON's make-or-break day — here's how to watch
Bad science led people to settle in the Great Plains
Have all the secrets of Matt Smith's last Doctor Who  been revealed?
A Foggy Evening in Phobos Square
Person of Interest reveals the machines inside its human characters
How the "data whisperer" uncovered a psychology scandal
No, Guys, THIS Is How You Fry a Turkey
These Are The Most Amazing Tree Houses Ever
Friday the 13th gets a total reboot for 2015
Apparently Danny Trejo is starring in something called Volcano Zombies
What International Air Travel Was Like in the 1930s
In a rare phenomenon, a huge ice disc spins in the Sheyenne River
The Most Festive and Geeky T-Shirts of the Season
Catching Fire concept art of the Rue mural and Audubon-style Jabberjays
Vintage travel posters show off the world's most thrilling monsters
Read the first issue of Letter 44, the comic everyone's raving about
The Greatest Fictional Versions of Alan Turing
This robot turtle is actually a marine archaeologist
Japanese researchers want to get a robot into university by 2021
Is Melinda May Agents of SHIELD's answer to Fringe's Olivia Dunham?
That time in the 1970s when scientists studied pickup artists
How Two West Coast Hikers Turned Brooklyn's Trees into a New Perfume
Warner Bros. is putting aliens in their Tarzan movie for some reason
Watch Nick Harkaway explain why video games will save the future
This 2D face makeup will hijack your brain
That's No Moon. That's a Possible Open-World Star Wars Game From EA.
Watch PBS's entire 1981 documentary on Raiders of the Lost Ark
​The 8 Worst Mistakes Made by the Allies During World War II
Alan Moore wants superhero comics to get off his lawn, more or less
Bilbo Baggins Is a Serial Middle-Finger Flipper
Better Thanksgivings Through Chemistry!
Frozen has a bit of that Wreck-It Ralph magic
Ask a Chef All of Your Pre-Thanksgiving Food Questions!
Scarlett Johansson's robot role is ineligible for the Golden Globes
​What to do when you fall out of fandom
Hell Yes: NASA Aims to Revive Kepler Mission with Clever Plan
This video shows why seahorses are actually ferocious killers
What's on your shopping list this holiday season?
The birth and death of stars in one spectacular photo
Is Captain America 2 the origin story of another Marvel supervillain?
The Earth Is a Machine
Here's the DVD Shelf Of Your Worst Nightmares
The Coolest Book Cover Art We've Seen in Ages
Oil worker finds a nearly intact WWII-era Kittyhawk deep in the Sahara
Lovers find an interstellar connection in Broken Bells' new music video
Here's what lurks inside the world's deepest pits
Long Lost Concept Trailer for the Science-Fictional Zorro Reboot
Why I'm Not Buying That Fallout 4 'Teaser' Website
When humans became a "crowd species," epidemics followed
Holy Hell, everything Laika makes is SO DAMN BEAUTIFUL
Which dead movie project are you glad never happened?
George Takei's official, totally real perfume is named "Eau My"
I can't stop watching this whale explode
Extreme Skaters and Their Creepy Neighbor in Paranormal Activity 5000
Sleepy Hollow's haunted-house episode traps us in a maze of plot twists
Here's why wine snobs should probably be called bacteria snobs
​Make someone's holiday happier with our ultimate comic gift guide
U.S. Methane Emissions Are Much Higher than Expected
There are only four types of homes in science fiction
io9 Book Club Reminder: Meeting 12/3 to discuss Neptune's Brood
How did that silly snowman become the best part of Frozen?
Nothing about this Hercules movie even slightly resembles Hercules
Why you really get sick on planes – and how to prevent it
Beauty and the Beast is sort of okay, except for its main characters
Are there more stars than grains of sand on the Earth's beaches?
10 Most Unintentionally Funny Lines in All of Star Trek
Neurosurgeons Use Water to Map Connections in the Brain
The experiment that proved spiders don't like human urine
THIS is how you photograph a pride of lions
Turn your home into the Death Star with these amazing wall tiles
​Almost Human goes straight for the Die Hard homage
Incredible Archaeological Discovery May Reset the Buddha's Birth Date
What Makes You Optimistic About the Future?
This exquisite fossil of a baby dino is absolutely heartbreaking
Those JFK conspiracy theories now include Magneto, apparently
Is a fan favorite character being recast for the new Star Wars?
The world beneath the sidewalk
Sharkukkah: Eight Nights of Terror!
What the heck is this 'natural trampoline'?
In some countries, there is euthanasia for "psychological suffering"
AMC's Galyntine sounds like the show we wanted Revolution to be
At Long Last, a Full-Length Novel from Award-Winning Writer Ken Liu
The One Moment Where the BBC's Atlantis Won Us Over
These are the world's most devastating maritime disasters
Which fan theory or rumor do you wish had turned out to be true?
My deadly genetic disease was just a bug
​Celebrate the other scifi classic that had an anniversary this weekend
Watch a 9-year-old ninja fight dystopian police, in this great video
First teaser trailer for the 2nd season of Orphan Black
Doctor Who's regeneration history may be more insane than you thought
Could we detect signs of alien life on a dying planet?
Our last views of Comet ISON will be the most beautiful
First Look at Optimus Prime with his big Robot Sword
All the Toys and Collectibles You'll Hate to Give Away This Year
Tomorrow's wind turbines could look like enormous owl wings
2 episodes left, and Witches of East End drops a bunch of plot bombs
In 1988, Kim Jong-Il gave a speech exhorting North Koreans to write SF
Yes, One Person Could Actually Destroy the World
The great 1872 expedition that proved the North Pole was frozen solid
Over 176 Pounds? The morning after pill probably won't work for you.
8 Hit Movies That Failed to Launch Their Own Genres
FDA may begin seizing home DNA testing kits
All the Funniest One-Star Reviews for Time Bandits
This Week's TV: Who lives and who dies in the Walking Dead finale?
Self-tickling is impossible even if you think someone else is doing it
How Catching Fire Fixed All the Worst Mistakes The Hunger Games Made
How whales made the dramatic evolutionary shift from land to the sea
Here Is Your Self-Driving Car! But Do You Want It?
​The Governor starts Woodbury 2.0 on The Walking Dead
Make some bions this week
When will we see more of Peter Capaldi's costume on Doctor Who?
Holiday Gift Books for Lovers of Science and Science Fiction
Apparently, what Witches of East End was missing was testosterone
Sculptor carves mythic cathedrals out of New Mexico's sandstone cliffs
Thanks to the eruption of Mount Etna, it's been raining rocks in Sicily
Bio-artist colors textiles with deadly bacteria and antibiotics
Crowdfund a preview location for a Museum of Science Fiction
Terrifying Footage from Inside Home Hit by an EF4 Tornado
Want to build a clock made of flowers for spring?
A short horror film set in an America in which cannibalism is legal
Posters and Art Gift Ideas for the Geek in Your Life With Bare Walls
Compare footage of San Francisco before and after the 1906 earthquake
In honor of Hunger Games' Peeta, SNL cast members fight to the death
This was the first-ever "selfie," taken in 1839
Illustrated ballad tells the life story of Alan Moore
Do tears of grief look different from onion tears under a microscope?
The Bat-Family and their foes prepare for Thanksgiving dinner
In the days when human-made structures cover the moon
Classic Doctor Who actors try to join the special in a hilarious short
Paranormal investigators come to Haven—and actually prove useful
The great hero of the Doctor Who anniversary special is... John Rawls?
The geological history and future of Hawaii in a lush webcomic
This retired architect builds marvelous model boats that fly
Silence will fall in the teaser for the Doctor Who Christmas Special
Moronic Ghost Hunters Burn Historic Louisiana Plantation to the Ground
Tin robots can't stop buying smartphones in this satirical short film
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Safari Inside a Bookstore
Talk about The Day of the Doctor right here!
Spider-Man Foiled in Attempt to Rob Xbox One on Launch Night
Underwater hotel room in Zanzibar lets you sleep with the fishes
Coloring book illustrations reveal the skeletons of cartoon characters
Which words turn up most in Hunger Games, Twilight, and Harry Potter?
Red-nosed gingerbread AT-AT is covered in sweet details
Watch Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul read the Breaking Bad finale script
A teen with no vices develops a crush that turns creepy in The Stiff
Interactive graphic shows the timelines of the Eleven Doctors
J.R.R. Tolkien biopic will explore the origins of Middle Earth
This list of the dumbest NASA Instagram comments is embarrassing
Devil Dinosaur stars on Hulk plus the return of Friendship is Magic
This Dune Concept Art is the Mind-Blower
Wow, Vampire Diaries really IS copying Buffy Season 4!
Being A Sexy Green Alien Babe Can Be Tough
A map of what the state boundaries in the U.S. might have been
I was a Hunger Games hater
The scientific secret of "aura" photography
Survivor 2299 (AKA Fallout 4): What We Know So Far
There is now an asteroid named after Thomas Pynchon
You Won't Believe These Patterns Created by Flocks of Birds in Flight
What Was Your First Doctor Who Episode?
​Peter Singer and David Brin to speak at animal personhood conference
That Doctor Who biopic is surprisingly heartbreaking
This truly is science as art
First trailer for Star Trek: Renegades!
The one myth about cats that's actually true
Hang this sexy literary pin-up art with pride, and support new writers!
"Tiny Animals on Fingers" is our new favorite flickr group
Once Upon a Time in Wonderland ought to be The Knave of Hearts Show
Unprecedented neutrino discovery is a "Nobel Prize in the making"
Ridley Scott throws a giant stuffed Tiger at Russell Crowe
Here's a cognitive bias you'll actually want to have -- if you're evil
10 Reasons You Should Be Watching Dracula Right Now
Syfy unveils its winter line-up, with werewolves, vampires and Helix
Everybody's in love with everybody else, on Tomorrow People
Can eating nuts every day help save you from heart disease and cancer?
Exclusive Look Inside the BBC's Greek Mythology Mashup Series, Atlantis
Archaeologists Find Sunken Nazi Sub in Indonesia with 17 Skeletons
Goodman's Paradox introduces us to the color "grue"
Hunger Games: Catching Fire is a captivating tale of privilege and PTSD
Do boys have more sisters than girls do?
Ben Affleck and Matt Damon to make psychic crime story Sleeper
Command legends with 5 new decks for Magic: the Gathering
It's Just Not a Gif Party Without You, So Come on In!
This colossal new megapredator may have outsized T. rex
Want ultraviolet vision? You're going to need smaller eyes.
How Will Edgar Wright Make Ant-Man a Badass?
Now this is what sustainable architecture really looks like
Every year, we find 1,000 new objects in space near Earth
Vintage Photos Reveal Century-Long Obession with Dressing Up Pets
Could this be what the brand new Godzilla looks like?
American Horror Story has a Dead Person Threesome!
Has the ex-CEO of Burger King discovered a "rogue gene"?
This is how the Earth's weather looks to a supercomputer
A gas explosion that requires no matches
To bring a puppy home is to initiate a "countdown to sorrow"
The nanotubes are working my last nerve, on Revolution
Which supporting character does the best job of upstaging the hero?
What would it really feel like to touch a human brain?
​The Real Hero of the Harry Potter Series
​Spectacular Stellar Explosion Rewrites the Book on Gamma-ray Bursts
The Ultimate Motherlode of DVD Box Sets for the Holidays
Wu Tang Clan's GZA shows his nerd cred by rapping the Big Bang
Oh My God someone made a plush "Mew-Mew" version of Thor's Hammer
The sad fate of Jimmy Carter's solar panels
Lifeforce the TV series is a thing that is happening
How Your Mistakes Can Make You a More Rational Person
Ever Wonder How Tumblrs Turn Into Books? One Writer's Story
The final 15 minutes of last night's Arrow made me dance
The 10 Types of Writers' Block (and How to Overcome Them)
Ask an astrophysicist anything you want about nearby asteroids!
Ever wonder why Silicon Valley is funding the new space race?
That Time Jules Verne Caused a UFO Scare
A spectacular shot of one of the densest star clusters ever discovered
The winners of 2013's Dance Your PhD Competition have been announced!
The Framing Effect makes people accept deaths and pay fines
Stonehenge archaeologists have been digging in the wrong place!
Paramount Threatens It's A Wonderful Life  Sequel!
​What is the Biggest Mistake We're Making in Planning for the Future?
Rare Magic Card Sells For $27,000
Beauty and the Beast should just be the farce it clearly wants to be
Another major Doctor Who star says he'll be in "Day of the Doctor"!
Why Agents of SHIELD's Marvel Movie Connection is Kind of a Problem
Something deeply strange is happening to these cars
All the leaked NSA documents, rounded up into one place
Comment of the Day: The Very Best (and Shortest) Science Fiction
Which movie do you desperately wish would get a sequel?
No matter how good your recall is, you still have false memories
Watch Simon Pegg slowly lose it in The World's End's Gag Reel
RoboCop tries to take off his suit in the new RoboCop trailer
These Mega-Sculptures Are the Biggest in the World
Person of Interest -- NO NO NO! ALL THE NO!
Gift Ideas for the 10 Major Species of Science Fiction Fan
David Goyer pitches a Sandman movie with Joseph Gordon-Levitt as lead?
The post-antibiotic world of tomorrow looks an awful lot like the past
How to Build Los Angeles in 2094 A.D.
Sally Ride received the Presidential Medal of Freedom today
Watch how a paralyzed man can use a quadrotor drone to fly
James Marsters reveals the secrets of his dark new Spike comic
New Gravity short shows the other end of Sandra Bullock's radio call
​What will NASA be doing with its new quantum computer?
Unknown Bacteria Discovered in Two Spacecraft Clean Rooms
The Time War is hell in the newest Doctor Who minisode
Muppets Most Wanted trailer is just so damn charming
How Catching Fire transformed Peeta from Wuss to Blood Covered Bad Ass
10 Geeky Lists That Will Suck You in and Destroy Your Productivity
Astronomers Discover the Most Massive Structure in the Universe
Our Sun Emits One of the Most Violent Solar Flares This Year
The Avengers are Earth's Derpiest Heroes in the blooperfied trailer
Why the original finale to Evangelion is the only one that matters
Write Some Six-Word Science Fiction Stories with Us!
Ohio's Supreme Court backs the firing of a creationist science teacher
Every Single Doctor Who Story, Ranked from Best to Worst
Record-setting rocket launch puts on a show for America's East Coast
The Science of Inspiration (and How to Make It Work for You)
New "comedy" video shows Einstein sexually assaulting Marie Curie
Even More Casting Rumors for Batman Vs. Superman and Star Wars: Rebels
San Francisco's flying car, circa 1920
Comment of the Day: Best Science Song Ever
How Long Can Humans Hold Their Breath?
Modern humans are still carrying Neanderthal viruses
Guillermo del Toro's Vampire Book The Strain Gets a TV Series
Fly Coast-to-Coast in 40 Minutes via Rocket Plane
Wynona Ryder returning to Beetlejuice 2 -- OMG think of the hats!
How do you deal with your anti-science family during the holidays?
Record-Setting Launch Visible from U.S. East Coast Tonight
​A young girl tries to keep herself from killing in This Week's Comics
New, self-healing batteries can last for ages
Sleepy Hollow Goes Wide With Their "Necromancer"
Okay, a Machete Kills Again in Space movie needs to happen
World's Tallest Water Slide Looks Like It will Burn Your Butt Right Off
Drone Video Shows Shocking Extent of Typhoon Damage in Philippines
The bizarre history of our obsession with unicorns
Can we just marvel at this incredible image of the Sun for a second?
Moronic Family Feud contestant proves we need way more zombie movies
Scientists Develop an Online Dating Engine That Measures Your Hotness
Could the unaired Locke and Key pilot kill the new movie?
This is the tiniest storage device ever built
​The 16 Most Useless Star Wars Figures in the Galaxy
The time anti-vaxxers argued that vaccines would turn kids into cows
Breaking Bad's final gag reel will make you laugh, and maybe cry
Disney's new rendering technique could usher in a new era of animation
Watch in real time as scientists discover ancient human fossils
James Woods explains why robots should eventually get to vote
​Mystery Science Theater Thanksgiving Day Marathon Returns!
​Almost Human gets better, and it's not even because of the sexbots
​'Selfie' is 2013's Word of the Year
No, drinking milk won't prevent poor bone health when you're older
Get the first look at Barry Allen on Arrow!
Marilyn Manson guest stars as Peter Pan's shadow on Once Upon a Time
How did this four-winged Microraptor fly?
A Few Possible Ways That We Could Fund Interstellar Travel
Human-caused earthquake rocks Chicago
Comment of the Day: USA! USA! Edition
You can use your cheapo coffee machine to cook after the apocalypse
Does the apocalypse come in three stages?
​Simon Pegg drinks his way through the apocalypse in This Week's DVDs
The Trashed Remains of Abandoned Disney Projects
Blade Runner, as recreated in 12,597 gorgeous watercolor paintings
Which "sexy" uniform sticks out the most like a sore thumb?
Christmas Is Cancelled: It's A Wonderful Life Sequel in Development
50,000 generations of bacteria prove that evolution never stops
New Plan: Let's All Move to Iceland
Why The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is a Better Book than Catching Fire
The most inspiring nature photography of the year
Nolan mounted a camera to the nose of a Lear jet for Interstellar
The CW is really, really liking The Flash TV show
D&D's Sundering campaign becomes a cold war in Icewind Dale
​Almost Human goes back to the 1980s future
How much was Isaac Asimov involved in Asimov's Magazine?
Zombie: A New Original Short Story by Chuck Palahniuk
The 10 most insane alternate reality versions of popular superheroes
Cure your case of the Mondays with swords and sorcery
Ben Affleck's Batman Could Be A Drone-Piloting Badass
Ask a Law Professor Your Questions about Fan Fiction and Mash-ups
There's an active volcano deep beneath the Antarctic ice sheet
This Week's TV: Everything You Need to Know About Doctor Who Week!
Will This Fossil of Two Dueling Dinosaurs Ever Make it to a Museum?
S.H.I.E.L.D. shows how Thor 2 will crossover onto the TV
NASA's Next Mars Mission Launches Today – Watch it Here Live!
A touching short film about Mandelbrot and how he discovered fractals
Christian Bale has some Batman advice for Ben Affleck
The 14 Strangest Moments in Doctor Who Alt-History
The Governor returns in the first crappy Walking Dead of the season
Details from the Making of Game of Thrones' Next Massive Set Piece!
When spacewalking becomes a spectator sport
MPAA made Spielberg add flames to Indiana Jones' exploding head scene
Kenyan TV show imagines European refugees fleeing to Africa in 2062
​RIP Doris Lessing, one of science fiction's most indispensible authors
Twin Peaks Inspired Fashion Has Arrived, Everyone
These concrete arrows point the way across America
Spice up Goodwill paintings by adding monsters
Crowdfund comics about Brookyln-dwelling gods and African folktales
If all of world history is a movie, what are its biggest plotholes?
Watch the eleven Doctors run in this mesmerizing animation
Let's face it, carrying around a singing sword would get annoying
The Woman Who Shot Elephants for America's Natural History Museums
Doctor Who's Strax delivers a field report on Queen Elizabeth
Sandman's Endless reimagined as superheroes
An animated astronaut leaves his love—and his arm—behind on Earth
The experiment that led to the concept of "Thinking Outside the Box"
Concept art shows Al Pacino as Interview with the Vampire's Lestat
What if Breaking Bad was all Hal from Malcolm in the Middle's dream?
His Time Lord's Voice
What is Haven like without its Troubles?
Gorgeously animated Walking with Dinosaurs ads with dino fun facts
The Legend of Korra ends a rocky season on a powerful note
AMC may finally be bringing Preacher to television
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Boy in the Hall of Hearts
The entire alphabet, photographed on butterfly wings
​Grimm examines the worrying problem of fundamentalist fish-men
The SF Chronicle published a special Gotham-themed Batkid edition
Sweet and silly (and uncomfortably sexy) moments from Loki's childhood
​Finally, a Dracula adaptation which involves ladies' mud-wrestling
A Neil Gaiman-penned short film about a girl who tries not to fly
It Will All Hurt is like a stream-of-consciousness Adventure Time
Parents spend November pretending the kids' dinosaur toys come to life
Batman vs. Superman voice actors is the superhero showdown we want
The Red Skull stars in the return of Avengers Assemble
Bad Milo is a movie with heart -- and it's about an ass demon
3-D model lets you "fly through" a 300-year-old supernova
Photos from Doctor Who docudrama are like a window into the past
Comment of the Day: And Now, A Set of Cat Lungs Inflated By a Straw
One of the lesser-known disasters of the nuclear age
Who has the coolest mind powers in science fiction or fantasy?
These Skytwisters Are the 21st Century's Answer to the Skyscraper
All 24 Of The PS4's Launch Games, Reviewed
How I Live Now could be the year's most brutal apocalyptic movie
Holy crap, the first clip from 47 Ronin is pretty amazing
This is what it's like to get bullied by an elk
​The Only Book You Need About the History of Doctor Who
This library's copy of Fifty Shades of Grey has herpes
Get ready for a baby boom in China
Bat Kid Cancer Patient Will Make Your Cold Black Heart Grow 3 Sizes
Quantum Computing Takes a Gigantic Leap Forward
How many people born in the 1800s are still alive?
Our Biggest Unanswered Questions about Jamie Foxx's Baffling Short Film
Guess who's wearing a fez in the first Doctor Who 50th Anniversary Clip
Americans – why do you keep refrigerating your eggs?
Too Many Doppelgangers, on The Vampire Diaries
This weekend, learn to extinguish a candle with your voice
8 Incredible Facts You May Not Know About Human Evolution
Planning on Getting Your DNA Sequenced? Ask Your Questions Here!
The robot-gone-rogue movie is perfected in The Machine
Jeepers Creepers 3 is coming -- cue Justin Long's creepy Corpse Prop
Seek forgotten songs in the hauntingly poetic story game Spell Saga
​Dear Mr Watterson is a love letter to Calvin & Hobbes
Why red velvet cake was originally red (and why it can't be anymore)
Will Smith to sail New York City across the Atlantic like a boat
The creepy Sleeping Beauty experiment changes the odds of a coin flip
Astronomers Fooled by the Largest Optical Illusion in the Universe
It's Time for a Gif Party! And All Your Gifs Are Invited
Everything you need to know about MAVEN, NASA's next Mars mission
Artist Discovers Unseen Color Photos of JFK's Final Moments
Which Guardian of the Galaxy might be heading to Jurassic World?
Google is Jesus in the only good plot development on Revolution
Did a UFO cause this plane to crash in Argentina?
What if the Bayeux Tapestry told the history of Doctor Who?
Comment of the Day: JJ Abrams and the Case of the Disappearing Words
Here's what it's like to live with an invisible disability
American Horror Story resurrects a bitchy witch
The Greatest Soviet Propaganda Posters Ever
Wonder Twins, starring Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher?
Comet ISON Approaches
Which classic novel did you quit reading halfway through?
How a car mechanic's invention could save thousands of women's lives
Now there's another bird flu we have to be worried about
A Dramatic Glimpse of Mars as it Appeared Billions of Years Ago
Ultra is the weakest secret organization ever, on The Tomorrow People
This animated history of the English language is wonderful
The Most Exciting Stories About Worlds Ruled by One Gender
Syfy is prepping a Beowulf TV series
There's quite a lot of Doctor Who on the radio over the next few days
The Ugliest Star Wars Shirt of All Time Has Been Achieved
It's time to start reading hard science fiction again
Who was the sexiest couple on last night's Arrow?
65 of the greatest fantasy adventure books
​10 Scientists Who Played God (And Didn't Get Punished)
J.J. Abrams' Pet Peeve: When Futuristic Stories Use Present-Day Jargon
You Can Now 3D Print Your Own Wooly Mammoth
I Can't Do Space Art All Day, So Here's Cthulhu
You must watch this Doctor Who 50th Anniversary prequel immediately
Scientists Use a Mutated Virus to Build a Better Battery
Earth's tides, explained in 9.999 seconds
The First Noah Trailer Is Full of Biblical Disaster Porn
A sobering reminder of the limits of science in the war on vampires
The surface of Pluto like you've never seen it before
The Walking Dead Monopoly has the best playing pieces ever
The scientific way to make alcohol disappear
Jennifer Lawrence Debunks the Craziest Star Wars Rumor of All!
In the shade of the Möbius strip bridge
Comment of the Day: Peak Geek Edition
Hear Castiel crooning the Greatest American Hero theme on Supernatural
Bizarre Replicas of the Statue of Liberty and the Eiffel Tower
New life found on plastic waste gives rise to the 'plastisphere'
Nightwing joins the growing DC TV universe of Arrow
Full Length Divergent trailer shows the future ruins of Chicago
Viral Journalism and the Valley of Ambiguity
Who's the most irresponsible mentor of all time?
Watch the storyboards for the Stretch Armstrong Movie that Never Was
The Game of Thrones season 3 set is the ultimate (red) wedding present
Great Unintended Scientific Discoveries
Science Fiction Book Cover Redesigns We Wish We Could Put on the Shelf
Synthetic animals will save the planet
The Top 101 Science Fiction Adventures
Is nutrition research a pseudoscience?
New book Fortune's Pawn is like Firefly told by Lois McMaster Bujold
Sean Bean is playing Macbeth in a dark new reimagining
Kaiju Marathon IV: Mosura (1961)
Behold the majesty of the official Walking Dead zombie footie pajamas
Stephen Fry's Insane Look in Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
10 Key Terms That Will Help You Appreciate Fantasy Literature
The cognitive bias that allows people to justify genocide
How Self-Replicating Spacecraft Could Take Over the Galaxy
The world's first big cats came from Asia, not Africa
This is a video of a dolphin masturbating with a decapitated fish
Russell Crowe turns the Bible's Noah into an action hero
​I've figured out all the problems with Agents of SHIELD
Yes, you are allowed to hate Iron Man
Hyenas may be using bacteria to communicate
Why scientists need to search for alien life on purple planets
First-ever Maleficent trailer shows Angelina Jolie as Disney's Big Bad
Do the Words You Need Not Exist Yet? Good, Let's Make Some Up!
Disembodied duck feet helped Darwin make the case for evolution
Will Doctor Who's 50th anniversary have more Doctors than we thought?
If you've ever wondered what a mindfuck looks like, now you know
Comment of the Day: Guns, Germs, and Steel Edition
Your friends on Facebook may already be robots
Over a dozen celestial objects can be seen in this photo of Saturn
The Science Behind Why Breakups Suck (and What You Can Do About It)
I Want to Stand on These Incredible Balconies and Take in the View
Hollywood now has three Peter Pan movies in development
Injustice reveals what happens when Superman lets himself kill
​Marvel at a Museum Dedicated to One of Comics' Greatest Artists
Cabin in the Woods director could pen new Daredevil series
What are cities doing to humanity?
Thor concept art shows how cool the Dark Elves' realm could have looked
Mexico may amend its constitution so that it can drill for more oil
Beauty and the Beast's So Boring, Ripping a Heart Out Can't Save It
See Mars through a rover's eyes with this interactive panorama
No, Duh: Women Have a Hard Time Orgasming During Random Hookups
Man of Steel discovers Honest Trailers is its own kind of kryptonite
How We'll Swear in the Future
I'm trying to watch my TV show and you're being a war criminal
Let's all move to the Isle of Wight and camp out every. Single. Night.
Beheadings are Just Everywhere on Sleepy Hollow's "Midnight Ride"
Is Jared Diamond racist?
Del Toro's Justice League Dark will be part of a single DC Universe
15 People Who Have Kicked Batman's Ass
Mark Charan Newton's Drakenfeld: a Thriller in an Epic Fantasy World
Awesome Forensic Technique Could Reveal Outlaw's True Resting Place
Indie Sci-Fi Movie Featuring Awesome Yugo Monuments Is Almost Done
How ants teach each other (and how to define "teaching")
Every Doctor Who death retold by the "Gallifreycrumb Tinies"
Scientists discover the remnants of a 3.5 billion-year-old ecosystem
Why are babies scared of plants?
Tell Us the Story of Your Not-Too-Distant Future
The Hunger Games Author Insisted the Cat Be Recast in Catching Fire
Watch the most accurate supercomputer simulation yet of the universe
NASA's Humanoid Robot to Receive Legs
Astronaut Chris Hadfield says Gravity was good but needed more diapers
​The Best Game Trailers Of The Generation
When will The Walking Dead show us what the Governor's been up to?
It's official: Once Upon Time is way more fun in the real world
The falcon who came folded into your bank statements
Comment of the Day: Radioactive Bones Edition
Now you can understand Fourier transforms -- like a boss
Toys "R" Us creates the most anti-science ad ever
The "Naked Miley Cyrus in Space" Music Video You Didn't Know You Wanted
​All your Questions about Thor 2's Multiple Endings -- Answered!
Cordwainer Smith concept art
This Week’s DVDs are just more collateral damage to the Man of Steel
How the Paris World's Fair brought Art Nouveau to the Masses in 1900
Neil Gaiman's The Sandman: Overture comic has already been delayed
Lightspeed Presents: “Death and the Hobbyist” by Sean Williams
Maybe the most d'awww-worthy photo of an astronaut ever taken
What's the greatest spaceship explosion of all time?
Disney wants to adapt Princess Bride for the stage
A Feast for Crows / A Dance with Dragons: 5 Reactions and Observations
Stuxnet has infected a Russian nuclear plant and the space station…
A Celebration of Superheroes Staring at Costumes in Fancy Display Cases
First Frozen song showcases songwriting talent from Book of Mormon
Evolution is steered by aggressive competition between females
Kevin Smith has seen Ben Affleck's Batman suit and says it's fantastic
The Hobbit takes us inside the home of Beorn, and it's wonderful!
Bionic humans are about to get an upgrade, thanks to monkey cyborgs
Love, Friendship and Murder in Rachel Caine's Haunting New Book Trailer
What will jail terms be like when humans can live for centuries?
Witches of East End Is Tripping on Magic Brownies
Industry groups fund studies to prove cheese doesn't cause nightmares
What The Soyuz Reentry Rollercoaster Looks Like From The Inside
10 Famous People Killed By Bad Medicine
An alternate history where Twitter is genuinely disruptive
Wildlife officials successfully remove arrow from young deer's head
This Week's TV: William Hurt plays legendary physicist Richard Feynman
India's Mars mission encounters hurdle in Earth orbit
Community is making another Dungeons & Dragons episode, huzzah!
A Reincarnation Story, Stunningly Told
Skeptical climate blog shamefully downplays Super Typhoon Haiyan
The zombies outside and the plague inside join forces on Walking Dead
Which Fictional Character's Style Do You Most Want to Steal?
The only thing that makes this baby stop crying is the Star Wars theme
First Looks at Captain America's Agent 13 and SHIELD's Victoria Hand!
A Repair Shop at the End of the World
A tangled love story between two fish, beautifully animated in sand
Stellar fan comic writes a poetic, brutal end for Batman and the Joker
Loki's most nefarious plot yet: Ruining Thor's Super Sweet 16
RUSH, or how to prove the MPAA sucks by comparing it to something else
Photographs of toys recreate children's perspectives of war
Which countries have the highest rate of diagnosed depression?
Crowdfund Peter Bagge's apocalypse and Canadian superhero comics
Pacific Rim in the style of the Power Rangers theme is pitch-perfect
Son of Doctor Who's first writer sues BBC for ownership of the TARDIS
What if San Francisco and Los Angeles faced each other in a civil war?
Glorious video game cosplay from this weekend's BlizzCon
These LEGO minifigs are ready for their very own episode of Community
Matt Smith jumps back into the TARDIS for The Science of Doctor Who
Psychic test cards were actually invented to make psychic tests easier
Mitten-shaped brand marked the hands of army deserters
Zack Snyder commissioned these Batman vs. Superman paintings
We Know Much More About The Warcraft Movie Now
A Serene Morning on the Ice Fields of Europa
Haven reveals this season's big bad—and teases a major Audrey reveal
Literally Everyone In The World Knows What You Mean When You Say 'Huh'
Travel posters advertise literature's most fantastical vacation spots
Korra brings back some familiar faces from Avatar: The Last Airbender
Charmin's Thor-themed ad reminds us their toilet paper is Asgardian
The Day of The Doctor Trailer #2: Electric Time Lord Boogaloo
Pigs and wolves have a deadly food fight in a weirdly culinary Grimm
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Late-Night Alien Stick-Up
An Olympic Torch just went on a spacewalk
Dance Your PhD finalists have been announced, and they are GLORIOUS
Superhero-inspired dresses for more formal cosplay wear
Absinthe hallucinations are the least weird part of this week’s Dracula
Watch two grumpy National Zoo tiger cubs take their swim tests
Logan's classic yellow costume unveiled in deleted Wolverine scene
What happens when technology comes to kick fantasy's ass?
A bizarre stop-motion short film starring puppets made of meat
Watch all 30 minutes of recovered Return of the Jedi footage
A closer look at the first trailer for The Day of The Doctor
Casey Jones returns to TMNT plus the Ultimate Spider-Man season finale
The Absolute Best Lines from Last Night's Vampire Diaries
That One Time William Shatner Tried to Take a Dolphin into Space
Comment of the Day: Disney Princess Mashup Edition
In this insane video, a stream of water actually juggles two balls
After several episodes of utter ridiculousness, Jafar becomes a badass
Everybody loves the new Ms. Marvel*
First Real Trailer for the Doctor Who Anniversary: Daleks and Destiny!
These Ferocious Dinosaur Wallpapers Will Rampage on Your Desktop
The next world war will be fought by enhanced humans
What is the most common nightmare?
Oh My God, Stop With the Absurd Hunger Games Merchandising
New Transformers 4 promo art reveals Optimus Prime riding Grimlock
This quasar should not exist -- and yet it does
American Horror Story Burns A Witch Down
The Greatest Time-Travel Romances of All Time
This is the most accurate model yet of what DNA looks like
The horrifying truth about Google's secret project
​Why the Marvel/Netflix deal is the best decision they've ever made
In the Japanese version of Orphan Black you can edit your other selves
The Doctor and Clara find the impossible in the first TDOTD clip
Was Pythagoras really a murderer?
We can't stop looking at these Disney Princesses with beards
The Hunger Games, as remade by completely unamused cats
Carnage Comes to Westeros, in this Bloody Game of Thrones Prequel
10 stories where technology is indistinguishable from magic
New Kepler data could change our odds of meeting aliens
Ender's Game could live on inside your television
Add Vertigo's iZombie to the pile of TV shows DC is trying to make
​Thor: The Dark World shows superhero movies can still be joyful
The history (and effects) of injecting alcohol
The libraries that governments will burn in the future
Man of Steel concept art shows trashed Metropolis after the final fight
We're Having a Gif Party! Come On In
The paradox that lets you float a cruise ship in a bucket of water
Why are yawns contagious? All the theories in one super-cute video
Welcome to the Age of the Superstorm
Some of the first international air routes, mapped
Just how many superheroes are going to be in Batman vs. Superman?
Li'l Cyborg
Comment of the Day: Margaret Atwood on How She Writes
Watch a 5-year-old just school us all in Geography
If you want some gory hard science fiction, you need to read Parasite
Exclusive clip from the most baffling movie we've ever seen The Visitor
A bioengineered patch that regrows damaged bones inside the body
Anti-Communist propaganda is more awesome than any horror movie poster
Subway is making official Hunger Games sandwiches like it's not insane
The Western Black Rhino is extinct (again), and it's okay to be angry
Just when you least expect it, Tomorrow People reaches for greatness
Which alien civilization would you most like to rule over?
Massive trailer for Studio Ghibli's hauntingly beautiful new movie
Astronomers Discover an Extraordinary Comet With Six Tails
What created such enormous craters on the Moon's nearside?
First Clip from Stephen King and John Mellencamp's Ghostly Musical
The Mysterious Tool-Making Culture Shared by Crows and Humans
J.J. Abrams explains the Star Wars: Episode VII writer switcheroo
Why Mass Effect should be the next great space opera on television
Do an awesome physics experiment with cellophane tape
​10 Misunderstood Heroes (Who Are Misunderstood For a Reason)
Author Margaret Atwood is here answering your questions today
Neil deGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye "The Science Guy" Are Real-Life BFFs
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: The Kotaku Review
Stephen Colbert does not care for that new Muslim Ms. Marvel
How Game of Thrones changed Thor 2's world for the better
All Cheerleaders Die looks like an undead sexploitation classic
Are we about to reconcile gravity with quantum mechanics?
So polio is a thing again in war-ravaged Syria
The FDA wants to ban trans fats from food, save us from ourselves
The Survivorship Bias convinces people that psychics are real
Latest "BatDad" compilation shows why Batman is the best dad ever
These insects died while having sex 165 million years ago
Brand new RoboCop trailer shows how to play "Bad Cop, RoboCop"
Marvel bringing FOUR live-action superhero TV shows to Netflix!
Which Books Do You Re-Read?
No, science has not discovered a new body part
The Lance family's most awkward moments on Arrow
How soon could we see Amazing Spider-Man cross over with Marvel films?
Person of Interest delivers a caper, with a side of serious OMG
First trailer for Winter's Tale sprinkles magic on NYC
The best way to stop a hive mind from killing you
The Bizarre Game of Thrones Tribute From Last Night's Supernatural
Illustrations of Petra Pan, the Genderswapped Girl Who Wouldn't Grow Up
How I Turned My Problem Pet into a 'Cadaver Dog'
Comment of the Day: Lonely Superman Edition
Denny's new Hobbit 2-themed menu is sure to desolate your stomach
This is what 1.6-tons of space station garbage looks like on re-entry
Turns out The Originals is about America's original sin: slavery
These Abandoned Toy Factories and Shops Will Haunt Your Nightmares
Here's the official Internet Explorer Animé you've always wanted
Ian McKellen showed off his cheeky Gandalf underpants on stage
Blockbuster In Memoriam: What's your favorite video store memory?
Just try not to get your heart warmed by this adorable Lego commercial
This experiment changed our understanding of parasite resistance
Did life on Earth emerge from clay?
Watch this man fly around Mt. Fuji in a homemade jetpack
American Horror Story renewed for a 4th season
Are we in the midst of an anxiety epidemic?
More Star Wars: Episode VII characters revealed in new casting call
How did China move the epic boulders used to build its Forbidden City?
10 Reasons Why Le Guin's Earthsea Books Can Still Change Your Life
An optical illusion is making dentists drill holes that are too big
Tom Hiddleston takes us inside the complicated mind of Loki
The crazy device that shows fruit flies have free will
Half of last night’s Agents of SHIELD was its best episode yet
First Catching Fire clip gives us hope for a better Gale in the movies
How Will The Walking Dead Finally End?
And now, an elk on a trampoline
Which Fictional Characters Would Make the Worst Friends?
Finally, a Star Wars Special Edition where Jar Jar Binks dies
All the planets discovered by Kepler to date
Who's the latest DC Comics character to get a show on the CW?
Welcome to the Home of the Crystal Gems
Comment of the Day: Six Little Words Edition
Tintin-inspired wedding invitation features a slew of fictional guests
Watch Jurassic Park recreated in a real-life Brooklyn park
Do you want to be in the new Star Wars movie?
Bruce Campbell calls Bruce Campbell a liar regarding Army of Darkness 2
Neil Gaiman is writing a Doctor Who ebook—and you can read an excerpt
The end of two Marvel universes begins in This Week’s Comics
What is the very worst "denialist" movement in the war on science?
These are the jobs that robots will never steal from us
This Rembrandt depicts the first Asian elephant described by science!
8 Things Marvel Got Wrong About Thor and Norse Mythology
Catching Fire trailer introduces the new cast of Hunger Games Victors
French Archaeologists Discover Beautifully Preserved Deformed Skull
The 200-year-old mystery of Mercury's orbit — solved!
Sleepy Hollow’s “Sin Eater” is an Everytrope Gift Basket
The Latest Head to Roll at NBCUniversal Is SyFy Chief Mark Stern
Meet the new Ms. Marvel, a shapeshifting Muslim teenager
One of the most fascinating museums on Earth is in a fetid LA warehouse
Miss USA Dressed as Optimus Prime Because America
We've seen 20 minutes of The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
These maps show U.S. migration patterns for the past six decades
Guess which of these identical twins is the smoker
We may finally know why warm water freezes faster than cool water
Get trapped inside an outpost with a gooey killer, in Syfy's Helix
All the Most Essential Science Fiction and Fantasy Books in November!
This virtual 10-year-old-girl just outed 1,000 sexual predators
Fox wants to make a third Wolverine movie
The people who can see in pitch darkness
Norman Reedus' early crossbow training for Walking Dead did not go well
Beauty and the Beast serves up the best, most murderous mascot ever
Designing a "Simple" Nuclear-Fusion Rocket for Quick Trips to Mars
Jaimie Alexander confirms talks with DC — will she be Wonder Woman?
Write Some Very, Very Short Scifi for io9!
A lamp that behaves like a living organism
Will J.J. Abrams' Star Wars take its story cues from a fan petition?
Once's Little Mermaid episode was not really about the Little Mermaid
This picture has everything you could ever want, including dolphins
Comment of the Day: Lessons in Death Star Management
Behold the HORRIFYING robot baby that was too creepy for Twilight
A rapid-fire account of WWII as it was fought on America's homefront
Sam Jackson's TV hair is the best thing about the new RoboCop movie
Ice cream made with jellyfish protein glows when you lick it
It's Thorin vs. Everyone Else in the new Desolation of Smaug trailer
Start your holiday shopping now with the giftsets of This Week’s DVDs
These Rolling Bookmobiles Are Cooler Than Your Local Libraries
Benedict Cumberbatch is astonishingly good at Chewbacca impressions
Which science fiction or fantasy school do you wish you could attend?
The Doctor Who docudrama will premiere in America on November 22nd
Two Billion Reasons Why We're About to Find Earth 2
If only every fantasy novel was as smart as Coldest Girl in Coldtown
PETA protests cyborgs
Why 47 Ronin Could Be "Kurosawa on Meth"
Syphilis may not have come from the New World after all
On  Witches of East End, magic works in whatever way the plot requires
Death Star Owner's Manual will help you get it Fully Operational
Attack the Block's Joe Cornish may be the director of Star Trek 3
This Group Wants to Build a Museum of Science Fiction in Washington DC
The coming food riots of the twenty-first century
Some of the Most Plausible Scenarios for Alien Civilizations
Steven Universe is a show about "fantasy's love affair with reality"
The 9 Least Incredible Adventures the Incredible Hulk Ever Had
1,700-year-old tablet reveals ancient magical curses
King Tut's Body Cooked While Inside the Sarcophagus
This Week's TV: The Year's Best New Cartoon Series is Here At Last
How much would you pay to cuddle with a cat?
Fifth Element concept art reveals Prince's original look as Ruby Rhod
Astounding Footage of Yesterday's Rare Hybrid Solar Eclipse
When did we first get the idea of alligators in the sewers?
Carol and Rick clash on a decisive episode of The Walking Dead
Holy Hell, This Year's io9 Halloween Costume Show Will Blow Your Mind
The original Star Wars trailer is even better with bloopers in it
What caused this spectacular fireball to zip across a power line?
Just how intense will the midseason finale of Walking Dead be?
Attack on Architectural Titan
Photographs of cosplayers at home capture both the person and the mask
A haunting short film about the ways a body moves after death
Why Peter Davison is Wrong About a Female Doctor
Take a 3D animated tour of our Solar System with NASA's models
This Town Wants to Warn You About Its People-Eating Vortex
Can you tell satellite images from microscopic pictures? Test yourself
Check Out This Awesome 'Once Upon A Time' Relationship Chart
Crowdfund an apocalyptic comedy and new shorts by Aardman Animation
Key & Peele ask: Do vampires really want to be sexy all the time?
The CW is planning a biopunk update of the 1940s pulp The Avenger
Make-a-Wish is turning San Francisco into Gotham City for one Batkid
Khal Drogo cosplay is uncanny—and comes with a hilarious performance
Congrats to this year's World Fantasy Award winners!
Genre Actors with Impressive Second Careers in Voice Acting
Stained glass windows filled with macabre X-ray images
How to make a black hole: Turn light inside out
Listen to performances of the world's oldest complete surviving song
Live-action remake of the sorrowful, zombie-filled Dead Island trailer
Batman and Superman are Edward Hopper's Nighthawks
Dwarves sing and raise a ruckus in Rivendell in Hobbit deleted scene
Role Models Re-Imagined As Disney Princesses Will Have You Perplexed
All the rules of the Troubles are changing in Haven
Sailor Freddie Mercury is the Queen of mashup costumes
Korra's back and she's finally acting like a grownup
What it's like to live with short-term memory loss
Comics Gone Hipster
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Robot Rescues a Human Infant
Grimm gets kind of grim as our hero murders a dude
Check out Super Smash Wars, an amazing Nintendo-meets-Star Wars parody
Batman's Arkham Asylum gorgeously rendered in gothic LEGO
This is the best TV series about Dracula buying a coolant company ever
Game of Thrones house hoodies are perfect for the long winter ahead
Impressionist paintings of scenes from zombie movies
The genre-savvy adventures of a heroic princess and her Battle Dog
Manly My Little Pony animation is brain-melting and kind of amazing
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. will crossover with Thor 2
Wolverine joins the Agents of S.M.A.S.H. to stop a Wendigo Apocalypse
An Alphabet of Alien Sounds
People are building enormous farms in the ruins of Detroit
Comment of the Day: Theoretical Materials Edition
The physics of a popping bubble were never so gorgeous
Microgravity adds authenticity to ISS astronaut's Superman costume
The terrifying syndrome that takes away your ability to speak
Everything you need to know to catch Sunday's rare hybrid solar eclipse
Bizarre and vulgar illustrations from illuminated medieval manuscripts
The Complete Guide to November's Must-See Science Fiction and Fantasy!
This is what happens when you try to scan a brain with a bullet in it
Tom Hiddleston is a vampire in the Only Lovers Left Alive trailer
Watch the first trailer for James Cameron's global warming documentary
R.I.P.D.'s Bloopers Reel is Funnier than the actual film
The Scientifically Accurate ThunderCats are loose and just horrifying
Going into space accelerates the aging process
The best part of Revolution is its hatred for America
70 gorgeous Thor 2 stills show off Asgard's new look
One of history's most notorious Nazis is buried in a Jewish cemetery
The 12 Most Abusive Women in Anime
Check out Magneto's new duds in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Geons have gravity, but no mass. Could they really exist?
What the hell is a "technocrat," and are you one of them?
George Romero thinks The Walking Dead doesn't have enough "dead" in it
Ask A Theoretical Materials Scientist Anything You Want!
10-Year-Old Boy Discovers 600-Million-Year-Old Supernova
8 Glitches in Animal Behavior That Can End in Catastrophe
Lightweight James Bond is too drunk to spy
Here's how long you can survive after being buried alive
Ender's Game is thrilling, but not heart-breaking
Doctor Who's mode of spacetime travel described in new physics paper
Thomas Kinkade's cottage paintings upgraded with Star Wars
Finally!  A black hole that you can visit and survive!
Are We Living in the Best or the Worst of Times?
About Time proves it's more fun to watch time travelers who can't steer
The world's largest ball pit has a whopping one million balls in it
Bryan Singer breaks down everything in the Days of Future Past trailer!
American Horror Story raises the dead, and probably has sex with it
A Midnight Visit to the Apothecary of Horrors
Comment of the Day: Post-Apocalyptic Mysteries of The Simpsons
10 of the Spookiest Scary Stories You'll Ever Read
Gavin Hood breaks down the Mind Games from Ender's Game
Dead girls take over a woman's house in this creepy webcomic fairytale
Marvel at 2013's best microscopic photography
These were the GIFs of the Victorian Age
​How To Play League of Legends, The Biggest Game In The World
Seven insane minutes of people explaining how '80s toys are satanic
Could Tomorrow People just be the Mark Pellegrino show? Please??
What video game would make a fantastic movie?
For All Hallows' Eve: Some of Our Very Favorite Space Porn
Hammer returns to the '70s with the retro-horror flick The Quiet Ones
How to save a bear's life by zapping it with electricity
In event of an emergency, consult our handy Monster Safety Card!
Left and Right Tail-Wags Trigger Different Emotional Responses In Dogs
Of course you want Freddie with kittens on your chest
Why don't the Simpsons live in a base 8 world?
Star Wars: Episode VII is coming in 2015 whether it's ready or not
Last Days On Mars clip shows all hell going down on the red planet
Hemlock, Yew, and "Tooth of Wolf": Beware the Witches' Brew
Boogers: Myths and Facts
New LEGO Movie trailer has tons of goofy Batman action
Jonás Cuarón filmed a short to tell the other half of a Gravity scene
How physics ended the nighttime radio war between the US and Mexico
The Very Best Halloween Costumes on the Internet
New Mexico kids wait for the bus inside "kid cages" because... wolves?
DC Comics to Reveal Native American Teenage Superheroine
Watch people around the world being born and dying in real time
14 Common Words That Didn't Exist 20 Years Ago
Bundle of Tentacles gives your gaming group a dose of eldritch horror
Babies can actually learn lullabies before they're born
Will somebody please buy me this gorgeous, $1,650 anatomy text?
Scientists are hiding under your bed
Check out the world's first bitcoin ATM
What is the Best Halloween Movie Ever Made?
See the Milky Way As Never Before
Arrow makes each character do a 180.  Twice.
New Hints on the Terminator, Highlander and Fantastic Four Reboots!
Best team-up ever, on Person of Interest
Possibly one of the weirdest geological formations in the world
This animation of Calvin and Hobbes dancing will make you grin
Comment of the Day: Darth Vader, An Alternate History
Bret McKenzie is developing an animated series about NASA? Yes, please
David Attenborough Narrates Miley Cyrus's VMA Twerk-formance
The Los Angeles Aqueduct sure gave rise to some beautiful Earth porn
We think the trailer for Open Grave is about REVERSE ZOMBIES. Neat.
Hermits and Feral Children: People who lived isolated from civilization
Behold Jane Austen: The Massively Multiplayer Role-Playing Game
Which story would be over in five minutes if people just talked?
The Simpsons' Couch Gag takes on The Hobbit
You can't tell if someone is lying by reading their facial expressions
America wants in on the live-action Star Blazers remake action
13 things you didn't know about Poltergeist
An amazingly quick lesson on America's contribution to World War II
Catch up on Ender's Game before the film with this FREE audioplay
Three New Superhero Books That Pack a Huge Emotional Punch
The Rise and Fall of the Midnight Ghost Shows
That One Time Frankenstein's Monster's Kid Road-Tripped Across America
We're learning some amazing things from those massive washed-up oarfish
The Cat-Piloted Decoy Chewbacca is the ultimate Halloween invention
Why Batgirl Would Make the Batman Video Games Better
It's doubtful this survival jacket will get you through the apocalypse
Explore infinite worlds in an alien computer in RPG The Strange
The New Batmobile May Be Built By The GM Team Behind Transformers
California Woman Gets Charged for Wearing Google Glass While Driving
This Is Your Brain on Candy
How a cognitive bias made people think their neighbors were spies
DC Comics Is Moving to California
The Argument For and Against Kicking Werewolves in the Testicles
What if the Disney Villains starred in Chicago's "Cell Block Tango?"
Monkeys Remember "Words" Used by Their Ancestors Centuries Ago
What Is the Best Wearable Tech of All Time?
Guess how much this EOD 9 Bomb Tech Suit Costs
The Walking Dead: Season Two Is Exactly The Storyline We Wanted
Watch as an earthquake sends a massive wave across the US
Does a comic book tell us what Ben Affleck's Batman will look like?
Sometimes a dinosaur just has to roll in the mud
Comment of the Day: Science of Fear Edition
Neil Gaiman’s return to Sandman definitely won’t put you to sleep
Check out the gorgeous collectors edition covers for Discworld
How to make rainbow fire pumpkins!
NYC Subway Shuts Down for Lord of the Rings Ent Maintenece
Real-Life Mysteries That Would Make Great Episodes of Sleepy Hollow
Thrilling short film Lunar shows us prison life on the Moon
Let's just debunk every flu-vaccine myth in one fell swoop, shall we?
What superpower would you want to abuse for personal enjoyment?
A tribute to Albert Einstein...or a case of Miley Fever?
Beauty and the Beast turns its only good story into a love triangle
The probably doomed Highlander remake gets director #3
This is how scientific romances should be done
NASA to Launch Next Mars Mission November 18th
Go inside Taissa Farmiga's twisted mind in Mindscape
Watch the first 8 minutes of Fox's Almost Human right now
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about Oryx and Crake
Genealogist Builds a Family Tree Connecting 13 Million People
Yoda hams up his death scene in more new Return of the Jedi footage
All the Most X-ceptional Things We Saw in the New X-Men Trailer!
Dear god. This triceratops is made of pumpkins.
Are Humans Hardwired to Detect Snakes?
Tell NASA how you feel about human spaceflight today on Twitter
Ask A Neurobiologist About Brain Imaging -- and the Science of Fear!
The 13 Biggest Assholes in Greek Mythology
Why does science fiction portray extended human lifespans negatively?
The Ultimate Spooky Song List: 50 Jams for Your Halloween
When will the universe end?
The Most Inaccurate Headline in the History of the Universe
Ben Kingsley's secret Marvel Project revealed?
NASA Releases Eight Stunning Never-Before-Seen Images of the Cosmos
A Good Look At Maybe The Best Star Wars Game We Never Got
Big, 100-Million-Year-Old Bird Tracks Discovered in Australia
What On-Screen Characters Are Secretly Terrible at Their Jobs?
The X-Men fight history itself in the first Days of Future Past trailer
Take a trip over the surface of Mars in this breathtaking new video
Is Harrison Ford holding Han Solo hostage in exchange for Indy 5?
Is this the kiss you've been waiting for from Once Upon A Time?
Home never looks better than after a long day of dragon training
Comment of the Day: The Pre-CGI Secrets of Star Wars
Biologists Discover Tiny Neural Computers in the Brain
The World's Strangest and Most Magnificent Gardens
This manual of psychological disorders is actually a dystopian novel
The Secret to Creating Great Environmentalist Art
Computer Chess is the most realistic movie about AI ever made
Noomi Rapace to headline in the "doomed septuplet" movie
The Justice League goes to War in DC's New 52 animated universe
What's the most overrated TV show of all time?
47 Ronin trailer has a gigantic luck dragon in it
The UN adopts official guidelines for protecting Earth from asteroids
The Exact Moment Witches of East End Made Us Fling Shoes at The TV Set
See Wolf Children, from the director of Girl Who Leapt Through Time!
That time when Blaise Pascal and Pierre de Fermat helped a gambler
Noam Chomsky has officially become a science fiction character
Get your hopes up, because Sam Raimi may direct Army of Darkness 2
What was the most memorable game you ever played?
Tech company claims "major breakthrough" in developing AI
Frank Frazetta Like You've Never Seen Him Before!
Lil' Hadfield should win all the costume contests
Original Star Wars Gag Reel is the best thing you'll see all week
10 Terrible Movies that Had Great Candy Tie-ins
BAD IDEA: Hotel from The Shining Will Build on a Pet Cemetery
This ingenious video converts equations and diagrams into real life
This Week's TV: Could this be the year's most haunting new show?
Scientists Discover a Substance that Appears Cold When You Heat it Up
Scientists Can Now Genetically Modify Facial Features
Psychologists Propose Horrifying Solution to PTSD in Drone Operators
Marching Band morphs into a T-Rex while playing Jurassic Park
Things get worse for the survivors, but Walking Dead just gets better
Gandalf the Fuchsia, Pet-o-ween and Krang, all on io9's Costume Show
Our nearest stellar neighbor like you've never seen it before
Ben Affleck talks Batman, and Ryan Reynolds talks Deadpool!
The banana women plant themselves in the ground for the night
The Best Places to Hook Up With a Ghost This Halloween
Photographs of gruesome injuries made out of cake and ice cream
The revolution looks to Katniss in the new Catching Fire trailer
Horror movies reimagined as Goosebumps book covers
An animator explains why she studies physics in a marvelous short
Delicate Images of Birds Painstakingly Clipped from Real Feathers
Sneaky sea lion steals fish out of fisherman's hands
Crowdfund fan films to continue the stories of Star Trek and Fray
Costumers Ask, "What are Women?"
Witches of East End pauses its soap opera for a brief fishnado
Ten Steps You Can Take Right Now Against Internet Surveillance
Pod-shaped treehouses for living like one of Tolkien's elves
Neil deGrasse Tyson promises a whole new journey in Cosmos promo
SNL gives Wes Anderson the quirkiest home invasion movie ever
Use Giffen goods to exploit the poor in your dystopian society
A dark fairytale inspired by Guillermo del Toro's nightmares
Did real people inspire these famous fictional monsters?
Bender dresses up as a Laputa robot for Halloween
The Coven Returns: CBS Plans to Reboot Charmed
Bilbo eavesdrops on Gandalf and Elrond in extended Hobbit clip
Five Spooky Scary Evil Vehicles (That Might Be Real)
Nathan dreams of naughty teacher Audrey in this week's Haven
Proof that Wolverine is the greatest Disney princess of them all
How to Incubate Baby Cephalopods
Ten Short Horror Films for Quick Halloween Scares
The Real Hotel from 'The Shining' is Digging Up its Pet Cemetery
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Office Meeting of the Monsters
The attack of the zombie assholes continues in the Grimm premiere
This 3D-printed chair is part plastic, part fungus
Rum pours from the nostrils of this massive devil horse cake
NBC’s Dracula is ridiculous, insane, and completely fascinating
Metal objects are transformed into ocean life in this animation
Meet Pixar's new characters in The Good Dinosaur poster
An aspiring doctor must solve a ghostly mystery to stop a plague
Steampunk Frankenstein's Monster is full of grotesque details
Gandalf the Black imagines the wizard corrupted by the One Ring
Witness a Bizarre Piece of Cartoon History this Weekend...The Hulk Bus
Behold the mysterious polar bear of the lake
Watch the work-safe trailer for that Game of Thrones porn spoof!
This new Ted Chiang short story could change your life
And sometimes, Vampire Diaries still kicks your ass with greatness
Comment of the Day: Who Put the Orange Hat on Firefly's Jayne?
The ocean's most horrifying monster is a parasite you've never heard of
Time travel is possible – but where will it take us?
Bring the Robot Uprising to Your Desktop With These Amazing Wallpapers
Astronomers find a freakishly compact solar system with seven planets
SMBC reveals the Large Hadron Collider's true purpose
Scientists create a tweeting bra in defiance of man and god
Which hero and villain do you wish would just get a room already?
Meet the people who want to build our first starship
Batman: Arkham Origins: The Kotaku Review
Amnesty Ads Create a Portal into Real World Violence
Seriously, though – does sex count as exercise?
Gail Carriger's new music video will have you dancing in your airship
How Combat Medicine is Fighting to Keep More Troops Alive
Once Upon A Time in Wonderland just dropped a big old Star Wars bomb
Kim Stanley Robinson brings the Neolithic to life in Shaman
The Captain America 2 trailer already has its "F*ck Yeah!" remix
A Brief History of Painkillers (And Why They Work)
You can make nuts glow, people!  Glowing nuts!
X-Men: Days Of Future Past stills tie all the X-Men movies together
Chupacobra!!
20 Amazing British TV Shows That Doctor Who Fans Should Watch
The KGB conspiracy that attributed AIDS to the CIA
Rebooted Mr. Peabody & Sherman movie is disarmingly adorable
First pic of Ron D. Moore's Outlander is just a hot dude in a kilt
Shawna Trpcic, Firefly's Costume Designer, Is Here to Answer Your…
Condemn the innocent in two ways with Morton's Fork
Why Are Thousands of People Dreaming About This Man?
How to Make Your Ridiculous TV Show Work
Clive Barker is returning to Hellraiser... again
The Sun has been completely manic this week
What Are Science Fiction's Best and Worst Predictions?
A seagull does so much more in a day than you do
The Semmelweis Reflex explains why people reject the new
Watch Live: Defending Earth from Asteroids with Neil Tyson
Could the Amazing Spider-Man sequels have more villains than we knew?
American Horror Story  is just the best right now
Tomorrow People gives its main female character the cheapest trauma
What's Inside Your MDMA? It's Not What You Think
US Army's new awesome helmet turns war into deadly video game
Comment of the Day: Superman Vs. Captain America Edition
The Weirdest and Most Revolting Foods That You Could Actually Eat
Molecular coffee & espresso mugs let you drink caffeine from caffeine
The Best Science-inspired Album Covers Of All Time
What's the best (or worst) fake-out a story has ever pulled off?
Let Oderus Urungus of GWAR read Goodnight Moon to children you hate
Why is J.J. Abrams replacing the writer of  Star Wars: Episode VII?
What is the Anthropocene, and are you living in it?
The Next Great Mario Game
Everything You May Have Missed in the Captain America 2 Trailer!
Are women really better multitaskers than men?
This wall of rock was created by a quake -- and it's miles long
Six very interesting seconds from the X-Men: Days of Future Past movie
Watch the surviving clips of the BBC's Caves of Steel
All the Signs that Divergent Might Be Your Next Dystopian Joyride
The Rock's Hercules movie may be a gift from the gods
Further evidence that nature is not the opposite of technology
Science makes it difficult for racists to be racist
The 10 Hilariously Confusing Origins of Hawkman
Yes, there is such a thing as a "unit" of death
NASA is bringing broadband connectivity to the Moon – with lasers
The first Captain America 2 trailer is star-spangled awesomeness
Allergic Reactions to Bee Stings Could Actually Be Protecting Us
Chemists show life on Earth was not a fluke
New Thor 2 clip shows off the sequel's surprising sense of humor
All the ways to screw up a cat's eyesight using science
Life imitates anime as Japan starts making its first space cannon
Where in Space Should We Go Next?
NECROPANTS NECROPANTS OMG NECROPANTS
The best lines from last night's Arrow
Do we finally know which Marvel hero will be the next to get a movie?
The friendliest fuel station in this layer of the atmosphere
Person of Interest goes Harriet the Spy
Agents of SHIELD explores all the different ways for you to sell out
Comment of the Day: Let Slip the Emus of War!
The Most Distant Galaxy Ever Discovered
What You Can Learn About Computer Science from Superman III
Cassini Find: "Salt Flats" Surround Titan's Northern Lakes
First look at Scarlett Johansson in Luc Besson's superhero movie Lucy
The Thor 2 director is unhappy with its post-credits scene
How science fiction could get climate change right
America's Creepiest Abandoned Amusement Park to Open for One Week Only
Original Revenge of the Jedi teaser only has one line of dialogue
Texts from William Blake is our new favorite thing
LED baby costume toddles into our hearts
Australia's military accidentally started an early wildfire season
The Ultimate Guide to Evil Cats in Science Fiction and Fantasy
For Sale: A 150-Million-Year-Old Sauropod Skeleton [UPDATE]
io9 Book Club reminder: Meeting 10/29 to discuss Oryx and Crake
A disturbing scale model of post-apocalyptic London
Studio Ghibli's newest movie is like nothing you've ever seen
Corpse Wax: When Dead Bodies Don't Decay
Watch all six Apollo moon-landings at once
Pacific Rim's Kaiju Battles Recreated entirely out of LEGO
Top 25 Scariest Science Fiction and Fantasy TV Episodes of All Time
Listen to 2,500-year-old music brought back to life
This man is dressed as Disneyland — ALL OF IT
How To Find Buried Gold Using Trees
Japan's next new anime and toy phenomenon: The Avengers?!
Andy Serkis will produce Bone Season: The Movie!
What a Politically Correct Justice League Would Look Like
Dogs shaking in slow-motion will make your day WITH SCIENCE
What Is Your Favorite Unrealized Vision of the Future?
The world's most isolated tree was knocked over by a drunk driver
Watch our favorite robotic gymnast perform a stunning new trick
Are we all wrong about Vin Diesel's role in Guardians of the Galaxy?
Everybody needs a sleazy scifi t-shirt sometimes
Behold the incredible, gorgeous future of energy production
Comment of the Day: Afrofuturism Edition
Amazing and Inspirational Women's Costumes to "Take Back Halloween"
Ancient tattoos may have been used as medicine
What do Death’s daughter, revenge and a dead rabbit have in common?
Utterly Bitchen Car Dashboards Inspired By Spaceships
James Gunn's Transcendental feels like a lost Golden Age classic
This Matrix-style rig creates 'bullet time' GIFs with 130 smartphones
Here's Benedict Cumberbatch doing mo-cap as The Hobbit's Smaug
Amazing Short Film: The Race to Develop a Machine that Stops Time
How Close Are We to Building a Full-Fledged Cyborg?
Stephen Lang will be the "Darth Vader" of the Avatar sequels
Carl Sagan's "Pale Blue Dot" as you've never experienced it before
What's the greatest science fiction action movie of all time?
A stunning example of nature's resilience
Bugs aren't gay, say scientists, they're just confused and horny
The Walking Dead cast singing "Monster Mash" is terrifyingly goofy
Could practical movie effects make a comeback thanks to 3-D printing?
Robo-racism abounds in the new Almost Human trailer
Is Cartoon Network trying to kill Beware the Batman already?
Must Read: An FAQ Explaining Why You Should Worry About Killer Robots
10 Historical Figures We're Sick of Seeing in Science Fiction
Return of the Mandarin? Ben Kingsley says he's reuniting with Marvel
Beauty and the Beast dances on the edge of domestic violence, falls off
Ender's Game concept art is like the space combat of your dreams
Why do we hate seeing photos of ourselves?
That time doctors tried to make the pope into a vampire
Ytasha Womack, Author of Afrofuturism, Is Here to Answer Questions!
Dung beetles don't just run to poop, they actually gallop
How Agents of SHIELD's ragtag crew will become a family
We can't stop watching this anamorphic optical illusion
Kenyan officials will use microchip implants to prevent rhino poaching
Bloody Friday The 13th Wedding Shoot Tells a Pretty Good Horror Story
Exploring Fractals with Dragons and Dungeons
Some Of The World's Best Cartoons Are Hidden Inside Video Games
Geneticists Use Herpes to Confirm Ancient Human Migration Routes
The Game of Thrones TV series summons its Bloodraven
What Tech Makes Us Super-Human?
Check out this dad's insane reaction to learning his son passed math
When, exactly, will we get new Red Dwarf episodes?
All pigs go to heaven after being brutally eaten alive on Walking Dead
Once Upon A Time is just running around in circles in the jungle now
The blue ones are the hardest to catch
Why would you want to get Lifeforce on Blu-ray?
Comment of the Day: Snow Zombie Edition
Here's how artificial intelligence might really see the world
What's the matter with the lack of anti-matter?
This Awesome Timelapse Takes You Thru the Best Breaking Bad Locations
What will plant life look like after centuries of climate change?
Bizarre Furniture Inspired by Animals and Bugs
What's the most ridiculous "Get Out of Jail Free" card of all time?
The First Godzilla Movie to Feature Two Monsters Fighting
ZOMG BABY CARACALS AND BABY LEOPARD!!!
Infographic shows you how award-winning science fiction is born
Take a video tour inside Guillermo del Toro's spooky house
Finally, a functional flying car that actually looks pretty cool
What color is an orgasm?
Shedding tears of sadness could save your life
The bizarre theory that predicted a new state of matter
Source: The Next Aliens Game Stars Ellen Ripley's Daughter
6 Pieces of Real-Life Cursed Jewelry that Could Destroy You
Animals would stop the zombie apocalypse before it started
Help crowdfund an anthology of fictional Kickstarter campaigns!
Poachers use cyanide to massacre over 300 elephants in Zimbabwe
This Week's TV: The Magic Mirror, The Spider-Lizard, and Sexy Dracula!
870,000 Toyotas Recalled Due to "Spider-Related Problem"
Scientists Discover Parts of Our Bodies Age at Different Rates
Our New Favorite Tumblr: That's Not How You Pipette
io9's Halloween Costume Show, Week 2: DIY Ways to Win Halloween!
Watch Gotham play Metropolis in the Batman vs. Superman football game
This is easily the weirdest place on the Moon
How excited should we be to see Rocket Raccoon in Guardians of the…
The astronaut spies a bathing giant
Baby Cthulhu sculpture will drive the world to adorable madness
Go behind the scenes of Thor 2 with 15 minutes of set footage
Charming animated short about a naturalist and a giant salamander
Scout Leaders Topple 145 Million Year old Rock Formation
How Batman helped a cartoonist through a violent childhood trauma
Bruce Campbell Confirms Army of Darkness 2
Crowdfund more Bee and PuppyCat episodes and Myst's successor
Marilyn Manson is loaning his creepy voice to Once Upon a Time
A tree grows inside this cylindrical transparent house
24 things you missed from Doctor Who's 50th Anniversary trailer
This cheeky map shows what each country leads the world in
Cosplayer reenacts RoboCop scene in her cardboard costume
Horror-themed ads invite you to visit haunted hotels—If you dare
Follow six medical students as they dissect a human cadaver
How the Alphon became an outdated physics concept
Tom Hiddleston does Samuel L. Jackson as Motherf*cking Loki
9 Weird and Unreliable Ways to Avoid Burying Someone Alive
Science fiction and fantasy duke it out in an apocalyptic battle
How Haven's Troubles turn people into true monsters
Gotham and Metropolis football jerseys for Batman vs. Superman
A sculptor carves his final work as the last humans turn to crows
Legend of Korra finally reveals whose Avatar Korra and Aang are
You Can Visit this Real-Life Ghost Town from 'The Walking Dead'
50th Anniversary teaser flies through the history of Doctor Who
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Meeting the Grim Reaper on the Road
It took four miles of yarn to turn this tree into a knit squid
Original Empire Strikes Back trailer showed only McQuarrie's art
Disney princesses dress up as their favorite heroines
Good god, this life-sized unicorn cake is filled with rainbows
Jellyfish developed in space have trouble getting around on Earth
These Suicide Machines' sole purpose is to destroy themselves
A drug that lets people share dreams leads to a deadly mystery
Leaked Hobbit Lego sets give a glimpse at The Desolation of Smaug…
Mickey Mouse flees zombie Goofy in Disney's Halloween short
Prepare for Rickrolling with "Never Gonna Give You Up" in Klingon
What if superheroes were drawn in the style of newspaper comics?
The Haunting Remains of the Virginia Renaissance Faire
Comment of the Day: Fictional Maps Edition
North Korea built a candy-colored dystopian water park
A mammoth smokecloud envelopes Sydney harbor
The Strange History of Bottled Drinks Marketed to Dogs and Cats
Canadian Government Raids Gas Plant After It Kills 7,500 Birds
Astronomers have discovered a tilted solar system
What's the best piece of optimistic science fiction?
Gold Key Comics Covers, and Other Groovy Star Trek T-Shirts
Watch the new Syfy show from Battlestar Galactica's Cally right now
Bonini's Paradox proves that you can't make a useful AND accurate model
This is what the air looks like when a balloon pops
The Sad-Faced Hulk We Could Have Seen in Ang Lee's Movie
Welcome to Elgin Park, an old fashioned town with a giant for mayor
Shocking discovery: All mammals take about 21 seconds to go pee
Wonderland is basically a romance novel cover in television form
Why Prey Animals Are Some of the Most Badass Creatures on the Planet
Ron D. Moore reveals the sets and script pages from his Outlander show
11 Horror Movies That Are Scary Because of What They Say About Humanity
You can now search WolframAlpha for your favorite Pokémon characters
Carrie remake will make you terrified of — and for — Julianne Moore
Atlas Robot Breaks Ankle During First Public Performance
The Real Reason Why Sleep Deprivation Can Destroy You
India's first Mars mission is ready for liftoff
Tell Us Your Own Origin Story!
The Real-Life Scientist Who Inspired Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle
How many beloved characters will die of The Walking Dead's new menace?
This skull may have just rewritten the book on human evolution
On The Tomorrow People, daddy issues are a secret weapon
Comment of the Day: Hybrid Mutant Shark Edition
Modern Classics Get Retro with the Best Premakes Ever
Precise measurements reveal that this is the world's fluffiest bunny
What movie terrified you the most when you were a kid?
How we could start looking for alien transmitters in our solar system
Is time real?
All The Most Revolting Mosquitoes from Science Fiction and Fantasy
Baby Mutant Ninja Turtle
This stunning view of Saturn will restore your sense of wonder
Here's why Superman probably shouldn't team up with Batman
Marmosets Have Conversations That Sound Strikingly Human
Now you can customize your io9 commenter account
Genetic analysis shows that the Yeti was actually a polar bear hybrid
Elon Musk Is Secret Buyer Who Spent  $866K On James Bond's Lotus Sub
The 25 Most Ridiculous Movies with “Of the Dead” in the Title
Da Vinci’s Demons season 2 trailer, now with ghosts!
How Desolation of Smaug adds Elves who don't appear in The Hobbit
What makes bullfrogs capable of jumping such huge distances?
The opening scene from Monsters University you didn't see
The largest star ever discovered is tearing itself apart
Paranormal Activity: TMO flogs the corpse of a once interesting movie
Astronomers discover a massive asteroid that could hit us in 2032
The Oddo-Harkins Rule shows the universe hates the odd
Why do we feel the pain of bad guys more than the good guys?
Arrow shows that the rich are terrible, terrible people
What Will We Eat in the Future?
You might hold the right beliefs for the wrong reasons
What will Man of Steel 2 have in common with The Dark Knight Rises?
Agents of SHIELD is feeling more like Alias... thank goodness
Comment of the Day: If Carrie  Were Written Today
These newly discovered bats are using furled leaves as acoustic horns
When Super Dingo takes on Tomb Raider, always bet on the mummy
All the Evidence that Time Travel is Happening All Around Us
Big Ass Spider claims it's a Tremors style monsterpiece. Oh, really?
Tour The Too-Cute-To-Blow-Up Tiny Death Star
Thorin Oakenshield is still a babe, even in puppet form
This costume wins the Game of Thrones cosplay contest forever
What Science Fiction or Fantasy Show Should Come With a Warning Label?
Gina Torres as Wonder Woman
The year's best wildlife photography will make you roar
10 Dino Fossils for National Fossil Day
Terry Gilliam almost made a sequel to Dr. Strangelove
The Top 50 Scariest Television Episodes of All Time, Part 1
Is it true that Oreos are more addictive to lab rats than cocaine?
This map of gender segregation shows how New Yorkers live and die
Patton Oswalt's TED Talk is true genius
How does Tetanus actually lock your jaw together?
The Freakiest Thing Julianne Moore Does in the Carrie Remake
Stop working and watch this Game of Thrones bad lip reading NOW
This map of Nobel prize winners shows a disturbing level of inequality
Vin Diesel will only have one line in Guardians of the Galaxy
How to Win a Fight with a Superfan on the Internet
One-fifth of the world's fresh water in one spectacular photograph
This Honest Trailer for The Walking Dead is dead on
What if the Moon was as close as the International Space Station?
You guys, cockroach-farming is totally the industry of the future
What Times and Places Are You Falsely Nostalgic For?
Russians Pull Chelyabinsk Meteorite From Lake, Promptly Break It
What is going on in these horrifying Game of Thrones set photos?
A Whole Galaxy's Worth of Star Wars: Rebels Concept Art!
Comment of the Day: How Cats Really See in the Dark
This trailer for Blade Runner as a 1940s noir film is genius
Take a trip through the Milky Way with this brilliant interactive map
Handy vampire bloodline tracks all your favorite bloodsuckers
A Brief History of Dark Energy
The Most Mind-Blowingly Beautiful Artists' Conceptions of Exoplanets
Christopher Eccleston freaks us out in his first Thor 2 clip
How To: Make geometric models out of straws and coffee stirrers
What book would you give someone you wanted to have terrible dreams?
How to kill a rampaging demon with the power of your disbelief
Somebody help – we can't stop watching these trippy animated gifs
A zombie horde of awesome art from the Walking Dead art show
That fan-remake of Indiana Jones is somehow becoming two more movies
Talking to Jo Fletcher About the British Invasion of U.S. Publishing
These images show just how differently cats and humans see the world
An Open Letter to New York Comic-Con: Protect Our Secret Identities!
Watch this amazing short film celebrating Superman’s 75th anniversary
Can you spot what's weird about this picture?
Fun Breast Cancer® Awareness™ Products That Can Cause Breast Cancer®
Bullies use the Superiority Theory to turn laughter into a weapon
A Major Breakthrough in Bringing the Sense of Touch to Prosthetic Limbs
10 Ways to Make Everyone Root for Your Amoral Protagonist
Sleepy Hollow Puts a Plague on Both Their Houses
Is Marvel Prepping Four More TV Series?
Why the number 1729 shows up in so many Futurama episodes
Oprah pisses off atheists by saying they've no sense of awe or wonder
First look at John Noble as The Sin-Eater in Sleepy Hollow
More evidence that mosquitoes have been assholes for millions of years
On  Beauty and the Beast, Cat is the WORST
What Would You Send Into Space to Tell the Story of Earth?
Here's an 18-foot reason to be terrified by the ocean
Is the Ant-Man casting down to just two names?
It's all out there waiting for you
Comment of the Day: The Tradeoff Between Science and Story
Once Upon A Time just shattered our hearts into a million pieces
"Men in Suits" documentary looks at monster suit performers
Classic Mission Control Photos Show Space Heroes On The Ground
The aerial footage from the latest Grasshopper test launch is super…
The Uncanny Places on Earth That Look Like Alien Worlds
Which superhuman character (or species) has the most poetic weakness?
Guillermo del Toro explains why he wants to ruin the human face
It's the apocalypse, Pinoy-style, in the soap opera Genesis
Other Dystopian ideas
The Absolute Best Cosplay From New York Comic-Con 2013
Too many storylines spoil the brew on Witches of East End
Have a shot of Jaegar with Pacific Rim and This Week’s DVDs
Ask the science advisor of Gravity, Kevin Grazier, anything you want!
What's going on inside the brains of musicians while they improvise?
Neil Gaiman will finally get to complete his MiracleMan story
One of our favorite science artists sets fire to whiskey
The 12 Weirdest Vampire Movies Ever Made
Rachel McAdams has been in 3 time-travel films, but never time-traveled
Awesome Portal Fan Film
The Backfire Effect shows why you can't use facts to win an argument
This Week: Pixar comes to TV. Plus The CW's answer to Game of Thrones!
Mulder and Scully returned for an awkward conversation at Comic-Con
It’s literally raining zombies in an excellent Walking Dead premiere
What Are You Wearing? It's Time for io9's Halloween Costume Show!
The average bodies of men from around the world
Marvel expands their multimedia domination with Marvel Universe Live
We finally know who will play Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell!
Squirrel-riding Daryl Dixon heralds The Walking Dead's return
Nothing Left to Fear is a bland trip to a Kansas Hellmouth
Let the moon be your guide to the Falling Skies Season 4 trailer
Carrie trailer works surprisingly well with Cinderella footage
Interns & Monsters Collide In Free Comic "Alive! Alive! Alive!"
Brutal short about the futility of surviving a zombie apocalypse
Vampire Explores the Perils of Online Dating and Gothic Cosplay
New Sleepy Hollow footage changes everything!
Ghostly Thermal Imaging Portraits are Eerie and Fascinating
The World Was Awesome When Airships And Blimps Ruled The Skies
Crowdfund the reprinted adventures of Canada's first superheroine
Artist hangs his paintings inside a gallery owner's ear
A short film about an undercover space agent—or a boy in mourning
What was worse: SNL's Gravity sketch or the Armageddon sketch?
The Most Ridiculous Mystical Pregnancies in Fiction
Troy Baker acing The Joker's Killing Joke monologue at NYCC
How the Defiance TV show and videogame tell their story together
Surreal portraits of classical beauties with fish heads [NSFW]
The nuclear physics letter that was ghost-written for Einstein
What if Disney followed Cars and Planes with Boats?
8 Ways to Keep Body Snatchers from Stealing Your Corpse
S.H.I.E.L.D. may show Agent Coulson's mysterious Cellist Lover
Walking Dead casts Eugene and a badass Abraham
Monster S. Thompson stars in Fear and Loathing in Monstropolis
Pokémon is the Latest Casualty of the Government Shutdown
Haven makes a refreshing change—and then undoes it all
Hard Sci-Fi Movies (AKA What Happens When Reality Screws Your Trope)
Biologist discovers new tick species inside his own nose
Stay warm by the zombie bonfire in Walking Dead Season 4 promo
The Legend of Korra delivers a fantastic episode—without Korra
Behold, the first new Star Wars character since the Disney takeover
Kate Beaton reveals why Black Canary shouldn't go to concerts
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Planet with the Ring of Bones
Watch the original trailer that introduced Star Wars to the world
Behold the glowing concept art for Disney's Avatar theme park
These freaky Halloween candies will bite you right back
A Walkman lets a man travel through time to save his lost love
New pics from SFX magazine give a teeny peek at The Day of The Doctor
What Ron D. Moore changed (and kept) in the Outlander TV series
What's in store for Serenity's crew after the events of the film?
A teenager's journey through the horrors of bipolar disorder
Indiana Jones boulder scene, reenacted by a guy in a boulder suit
Watch the pilot for Super Clyde with Stephen Fry and Rupert Grint
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles battle Krang in this week's premiere
Don't worry, buddy. I got you covered with my giant robot vision.
The Coolest Scene From Last Night's Vampire Diaries
Comment of the Day: Final Frontier Edition
Searching for life in our galaxy may have just gotten a little harder
The Galaxy Slashed a Hole in Space
Awesome Photos of NASA Equipment Tests
That's not Cosplay. That's the REAL Cally from Battlestar Galactica
A sneak peak inside Google and NASA's new quantum AI lab
Celebrate the brilliance of Calvin & Hobbes with Dear Mr. Watterson
Good news: You didn't get bit by a brown recluse. Bad news: It's MRSA!
What do you want to see from a new Star Trek TV show?
This new Dracula promo is full of sex, blood, and more fun stuff
X-Men: Days of Future Past's Quicksilver WILL have silver hair
What on Earth created this bizarre jellyfish-cloud outside the ISS?
Screenwriter alleges Neill Blomkamp stole his story for Elysium
First Look at Game of Bones, the X-Rated Version of Westeros [SFW!]
LIFE unveils unpublished photos of pioneering astronaut Scott Carpenter
Biologists Deliberately Hold Back Details on Deadly New Toxin
Comet-Chasing Rosetta's Interplanetary Travel Diary Is Awesome
Vampire Academy is actually A LOT funnier than we expected
11 Most Prolific Science Fiction and Fantasy Authors of All Time
Bob Orci is reportedly talking to CBS about a new Star Trek TV series
This remarkable sand sculpture will make your face melt
Tom Hiddleston's impression of Owen Wilson as Loki is surreally fun
Another remarkable example of how smart elephants are
Zero Charisma is an awkward but honest love letter to nerds
This crosswalk is the result of scientific testing
Astronomers Find Water on the Remnants of a Destroyed Planet
Helium balloons don't float all the time
The Tomorrow People sizzle reel teases the entire mutant-filled season
What Kind of Robot is the Best Robot?
The math problem that had Einstein asking for help from his assistant
Bridesmaids' Paul Feig wanted to make a wacky Wonder Woman movie
Could we be seeing a Rick-Michonne romance on Walking Dead?
American Horror Story Brings Back the Gorgeous Holy What the Fuckery
Tomorrow People: Just because you're not crazy doesn't mean you're sane
It's hard to travel through time in a sailing ship
Scientists lure jaguars into camera traps with designer cologne
Comment of the Day: Fictional Science Edition
These Futuristic City Wallpapers Will Take Your Breath Away
Exclusive Trailer for the Newly Found Doctor Who Story, "Web of Fear"
Why is the US government so evil? That's what Revolution wants to know
2013 Halloween Costumes We Are Dreading -- And What to Wear Instead
Do microwave ovens kill nutrients in food?
The Walking Dead's badass Daryl explains how you too can be a badass
What's the greatest chase scene in all science fiction and fantasy?
Every bridge should have an optical illusion on its underside
The First Evidence That Alzheimer's Can Be Thwarted With A Pill
Astronomers say they've found a rogue planet with no sun
Your Space Battles Shaped The Stories In The New EVE Online Comic Book
The Arrow crew moves on.  And leaves someone behind.
Stargate veteran writes show about aliens who bring their war to Earth
Some of the Most Surreal Art from Omni Magazine
How the new Alien, Predator and Prometheus comics will share a universe
The "Will Rogers Phenomenon" lets you save lives by doing nothing
How to Clean Up Deadly Space Junk Before Disaster Strikes
The Black Cat You Never Saw in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 2
Deodorant maker commissions study proving women need deodorant
10 Myths About Science Fiction (And Why They Matter)
Astronomer recreates the solar system from Lord of the Rings lore
This amazing Back to the Future musical isn't real but it needs to be
First look at Transformers 4's Optimus Prime and more cool toy reveals
These sexy topographic maps show San Francisco stripped bare
Syfy's new werewolf series starring Supergirl is sexy sex sex
This elegant chart almost became our Periodic Table of Elements
Jon Snow may be Reed Richards in the Fantastic Four movie
What Are the Worst Technological Innovations of All Time?
The seriously creepy "two-kitten experiment"
This is what a penny looks like after being on Mars for 411 days
Is Larry David really playing a surprising villain in Man of Steel 2?
It's arbitrary to call it autumn just because one planet has a festival
The EU on track to meet its 2020 climate goals
Comment of the Day: Hush, Hush Edition
What ever happened to the "advanced civilization gone barbaric" story?
Beautiful art celebrates anatomical oddities
Sympathy for the pickup artist on Person of Interest
Listen to a brain seizure turned into music
How did Mark Sheppard steal last night's Supernatural without appearing?
Amazing Hand-Tinted Photos of Egypt from the late 19th century
American Horror Story's Evan Peters On His Latest Monster: A Frat Guy
A supercut of people terrorized by things that turned out to be cats
Your guide to one of the coolest physics demonstrations of all time
If you could be put in charge of one TV show, which would you choose?
Sesame Street's Grover is the least mad scientist of all time
Will Oliver be more careful with his secret identity in Arrow season 2?
Exclusive look into Last Days of Mars hints at a bloody space battle
Are pain and itchiness the same thing?
Avalanche Sharks makes Sharknado look like Citizen Kane*
Behold the Giant Centipede that terrified Pixar and inspired a Monster
Author Max Barry is here today to answer your questions!
Watch Steven Spielberg geek out over Gizmo in lost Gremlins Footage
Here's How You'll Make and Save Money in the Future
Harrison Ford is "chatting" with Ridley Scott about Blade Runner 2
Agents of SHIELD is all about Skye's journey... and that's a problem
Comet ISON blazes green in new photographs
10 Escaped Lab Animal Populations (And What They're Probably Doing Now)
The Forgotten Space Art Pioneer
Neptune's Long Lost Moon Reappears
Jellyfish may be the most energy-efficient animals in the world
Does this map prove that China discovered America before Columbus?
What killed the Golden Age of Cartoons?
Chemists Awarded Nobel Prize for "Taking Experiments to Cyberspace"
Watch The Starving Games trailer suffocate under its own un-funny
What Are the Most Entertaining Inventions of the Last 50 Years?
Your Guide to Doctor Who: Lost & (possibly) Found
These moronic hunters actually shot and killed a rare albino moose
How close are we to infinite Time Lord regenerations?
Comment of the Day: Fear of Flying Edition
What if superpowers were a sexually transmitted disease… and fatal?
Ancient Archeological Sites That Were Destroyed By Stupid Humans
Toothpicks have been around for 1.8 million years
The Great Library at Alexandria was destroyed by budget cuts, not fire
Gravity's ending holds a deeper meaning, says Alfonso Cuaron
The directors of Zero Charisma explain the war between nerds
The October Science Fiction and Fantasy Books You Can't Afford to Miss!
Pimp2-D2 is the newest, greatest action figure in the galaxy
What would Batman do if Gotham City passed the death penalty?
The secret formula to winning a Nobel Prize
Read a chapter from Mira Grant's intense new novel Parasite
We were getting Star Wars sequels even before Lucas sold it to Disney
Breakthrough: The world's first net-positive nuclear fusion reaction
Scientists reveal chicken nuggets are less than 50% chicken meat
Hunger Games: Catching Fire director promises NO SHAKY CAM
Beauty and the Beast Season 2: Reset, Reboot, Rinse, Repeat
Can turbulence actually shake your plane out of the sky?
Must Watch: The BBC's hard-hitting interview with Cookie Monster
The Queer Comics Anthology We've Been Waiting For!
Medieval armor goes high fashion -- and looks fantastic
Sleepy Hollow Thanks You For Calling NorthStar
Rocket-wielding rebels attack Disney in new Banksy video
The 12 Best Cops of Science Fiction
Oh good, there's a Salmonella outbreak while the government's shut down
Our very first glimpse of the Moon's far side
The Pacific Rim Gag Reel Is Insanely Charming
This mammal is dying to have sex. Literally.
Bong Joon-ho has seen the U.S. edit of Snowpiercer and he hates it
Where Would You Like to Time Travel To?
The He-Man movie gets a new writer and a new director
Higgs Boson Scientists Win Nobel Prize in Physics
The Splendor Of Deep Space Starships
Samsung ad celebrates the history of people talking to their watches
Walking Dead Stars Explain Why "The Fear Is Back" in Season 4
First Ever Teaser Trailer for Star Wars: Rebels
Watching Once Upon A Time's Mr. Gold cut off his own shadow is awesome
Your planet is beautiful
Infections Fight To The Death Inside This 3D-Printed Chimpanzee Skull
Now you can control living cockroaches with a mobile app
Comment of the Day: Futuristic Shipyard Edition
Watch these interlocking gears spin at a mindbending 4,500 rpm
A novel about a dystopian future China wins the Chinese Nebula Awards
Get Obsessive With These Size Comparison Charts
The secret reason for Sweden's lack of child-eating gnomes revealed
The central limit theorem, explained with bunnies and dragons
Which actor has done the most to improve the image of science fiction?
Witches of East End gives us the silliest magical pregnancy EVER
All the Ways Hollywood Tried to Ruin Gravity
The other Avengers have a deal too good to be true in This Week’s DVDs!
Cats are the leading cause of death for Canada’s birds
This bizarre lizard bleeds green poison that can kill you
Why Maze Runner's James Dashner abandoned dystopia for virtual reality
The mysterious "black dwarfs" that will herald the end of the universe
The Avengers assemble awesome Star Wars costumes for Halloween
Why do we smile and laugh when we're terrified?
On the subject of "real" food
Is our data outrunning our science?
Journalist desperately seeks an "expert" who says tattoos cause cancer
Top 10 Most Gorgeous Space Movies Ever Filmed
A biological street lamp that cleans carbon out of the air
Brain scans show that dogs are as conscious as human children
This Week's TV: American Horror Story, Walking Dead, and 7 More Shows!
Nobel Prize in Medicine Awarded to Cellular-Transport Researchers
This vending machine only gives you coffee when you yawn
This Is Why Einstein's Brain Was Better Than Yours
The Hobbit's Beorn is revealed in all his muttonchopped glory
What Was the Most Life-Changing Invention of the Last Century?
This freaky looking lizard was thought to be extinct for 50 years
Another former Doctor Who star won't be back for the 50th anniversary
Cheese Spiders take the Statue of Liberty in Cloudy 2 concept art
Mesmerizing video speeds up Alaska's salmon-filled nutrient cycle
Infrared film turns a war zone into a pink fantasy landscape
An abandoned, believed haunted, NASA launch site you can actually visit
Meet the heroic rats who are trained to sniff out land mines
Two previously lost Doctor Who episodes come out this week!
Crowdfund a USB device that charges electronics with fire
What Happens When Cities Fall Apart?
This quiz pinpoints your American dialect down to the town
Huge LEGO Helm's Deep made with 150,000 bricks and 2,000 minifigs
Mr. Potato Head goes missing in this Toy Story of Terror clip
Defend your hands against the cold with these dragon mittens
WB CEO: "We need to get Wonder Woman on the big screen or TV"
Sick of Jack O'Lanterns? Light your house with nuts instead
An absurdly funny short film about a grotesque dinner party
13 Places on Earth People Believed Were Entrances to Hell
The Fin-Shaped Buildings of the Mighty Shark City
Watch the Welcome to Night Vale podcast live show now!
PSA: If you live in Haven, never EVER take your eyes off your kid
National Weather Service hides furlough message in forecast
Will Asami turn into a war profiteer on The Legend of Korra?
The Fall of the Eleventh - Matt Smith has wrapped on Doctor Who
Game of Thrones ladies get melancholy Mucha-style theater posters
Watch all of Bravest Warriors Season One in a single video
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Rabid Unicorn
Dogfish Head brews a beer made with bits of the moon
What if all the Disney princes lived together in one castle?
Harrison Ford resurrects Dragon Army in first Ender's Game clip
Functional LEGO BMO plays Adventure Time episodes on its screen
Dilapidated observatory looks like the Planet Express building
Adorable sculpted dragons guard your 20-sided dice
A twisted take on Red Riding Hood with Grandma as the monster
Julianne Moore warns Chloë Moretz to repent in latest Carrie clip
All the references in Del Toro's Simpsons intro with handy labels
Halloween comes early on Ultimate Spider-Man
Historic Bridge Disasters Caught On Film
Comment of the Day: Supertaster Edition
Sweet mercy, the cuteness: a white lion cub practicing her roar
Amazing anatomical drawings from centuries ago
Vampire Diaries has run into 4 crucial problems of long-lived TV shows
Topical cream causes toddlers to go through puberty
Halle Berry will play an astronaut whose baby might be an alien
Has a story ever changed your mind about a controversial topic?
One of the most ridiculously incredible fossils you will ever see
Batman Begins his driving exam in this exclusive ADHD short
Doctors have vacuumed a 2-foot blood clot out of a patient's heart
Hey  Once Upon A Time, THIS is how you make Fairy Tales edgy
Watch 10 seconds of high-frequency stock trading in super slow motion
Africa's true size will blow you away
What do you think this goblin is saying on Jim C. Hines' book cover?
The awesome car chase scene from the CG Gatchaman movie that never was
Here's all the ways Dario Argento's Dracula 3D went wrong
Gorgeously crafted poster art for scientific lectures
Lightspeed Presents: "HELP FUND MY ROBOT ARMY!!!" by Keffy R.M. Kehrli
This image shows us what a perfect water droplet looks like
The first Thor 2 clip shows us what's happened to Loki
An Exclusive Look at Rare and Never-Before-Seen Star Wars Concept Art
How evolution could bring back the sabercat
I, Frankenstein could be the most bonkers movie of 2014
Self-assembling swarmbots are amazing, and look creepily alive
Ask a Food Inventor Whatever You Want About The Science of Taste
All Your Favorite Voice Actors In One Film: I Know That Voice
These Walking UFOs Were Going to Be Post-Apocalyptic Pedicabs
9 Movies You Should Be Ashamed To Be Afraid Of
They're Making a Tiny Tower Set In The Death Star
The U.S. military's robopocalyptic army is starting to take shape
Several Reasons Why Gravity is Amazing (That You Haven't Already Heard)
And Aaron Taylor-Johnson is the official Quicksilver of Avengers 2
How is it even possible that this droplet can bounce on liquid?
Insane pundit "explains" Obamacare in Star Trek Gorn mask
The first new Godzilla movie footage is monstrously awesome
The week when smog killed 70 people in Pennsylvania
The deadliest events in history, ranked by deaths per day
Watch "Walter Blanco" begin his journey in the Spanish Breaking Bad
What Are the Least Futuristic Things About Being Alive Today?
The Asch Conformity Experiments should have been more evil
At least one villain in  Amazing Spider-Man 3 is confirmed!
The best use of "yay!" in last night's episode of Revolution
The otherworldly lights of the haunted space elevator
Comment of the Day: The Worf Effect Edition
Guillermo del Toro's Simpsons couch gag is the best thing ever
Jumping bananas! The new Middleman graphic novel will rock your world
Margaret Atwood's apocalypse trilogy dares to imagine GMO Utopia
The Oldest Alcoholic Drinks on Earth
What would happen if you stood in the way of the LHC's proton beams?
Is David Fincher's Black Hole movie back on?
Finally, A Super Mario Game We Can All Be Excited About
Which hero did you want to be when you grew up?
Scientists find radioactive fracking waste in Pennsylvanian stream
A minimalist animation puts our solar system into stunning perspective
Best, Sluttiest and Weirdest Store-Bought Halloween Costumes for 2013
An infertile woman gives birth after experimental treatment
Family Guy addresses one of Back to the Future's many Sex Conundrums
Newly-Discovered Phenomenon Turns Water Droplets into Energy
When the Doppler Effect gets twisted
The io9 Calendar: October's Can't-Miss Science Fiction and Fantasy!
Sweet 90s Nostalgia: ReBoot is being rebooted for TV!
These Are the Most Extreme Migrations in the Animal Kingdom
The robot uprising has never looked more beautiful than in this short
Could technology be used to control your mind?
11 Fearsome Warrior Races (That Would Be Ridiculously Easy to Defeat)
This number proves that nothing in the world is solid
Elizabeth Olsen is Avengers' Scarlet Witch (or Sam Jackson is a liar)
Sengoku Batman Needs to Be a Series NOW
Ancient "supervolcanoes" lurk on Mars
MTV's Scream series will have supernatural elements
What You Write On Facebook Reveals More Than You Realize
The enduring mystery of Hitler's monkeys
Do We Live in the Future Already?
This upsetting timelapse shows how we're making life hell for manatees
Check out revealing set photos for Mockingjay and Game of Thrones!
Every robot guitarist needs a small mammal friend
Comment of the Day: Rules of Time Travel Edition
What's the worst thing that could happen if you try to go home again?
New "footage" of Bigfoot emerges
Why Stephen King's complaints about The Shining actually have a point
Is Anonymous the new Big Bad on Person of Interest?
Artistic Masterpieces That Have Been Stolen, Destroyed or Lost
Step inside the Ender's Game Battle School with 360° set panoramas
What's your favorite novel that you hated the first time you read it?
You cannot handle Chris Hadfield as David Bowie
So, yeah, Pokemon Origins debuted yesterday in Japan.
New Walking Dead webseries shows how the other half lives (and dies)
The Best Science Fiction and Fantasy Movies With Incredibly Tiny Casts
Why is there so little scientific research about porn?
Edgar Wright gets to work on Ant-Man, tweets a look at the suit
Will we be living in city-states in the near future?
No, Extreme Human Longevity Won’t Destroy the Planet
This massive repository of space porn will devour your afternoon
Incredible examples of ancient writing found in lost city in Iraq
These face blends of the classic and new Star Trek crews are amazing
You can't watch Gravity like a typical movie, warns Alfonso Cuarón
The Flying Crowbar: The Insane Doomsday Weapon America Almost Built
You will believe a coin can fly
10 Silliest Rules of Time Travel from Science Fiction
These are all the colors emitted by the Sun. Notice anything missing?
Why a superintelligent machine may be the last thing we ever invent
Legend of Conan scriptwriter hired for masculine grittiness, excellent
Why Letting Superman Kill Kills Superman
Vincent van Gogh's never-before-seen sketchbooks
How Will We Communicate in the Future?
At last, the beautiful song that Dimetrodon deserves
Check out the hilarious cameo from last night's Agents of SHIELD
Watch the Second World War unfold over Europe in 7 minutes
Peter Dinklage explains why his X-Men character isn't "the villain"
Once Upon A Time is back, and serving up hot lunacy in Neverland
Explore the Trashed Magnificence of Dystopia in these Wallpapers
Comment of the Day: Cat Seismology Edition
The mutant peacock that baffled London has made it home
Mythic monsters take back the planet in This Week’s Comics!
How did crows develop a social safety net?
This bizarro 3D-printed toothbrush can clean your teeth in 6 seconds
This Is The End gag reel is actually a lot like the movie itself
Naked mole rats are even freakier than we thought
Robot Separatists: The Best Stories About A.I.s Leaving Humanity Behind
Natalie Portman and Marvel team up to get girls into science careers
Hip-Hop From the Future: Inside Deltron's First New Record Since 2000
A strange argument about why lawyers will benefit from UFO disclosure
Deadly lake lures animals to their deaths and petrifies them
Which sudden off-screen death left you feeling most betrayed?
Japan's newest scifi anime sensation Coppelion begins tomorrow
How L.A.'s "Last Bookstore" evolved from post-apocalyptic to magical
What Makes Sugar and Salt So Delicious Together?
Dyeing a Golden Bear blue with synthetic biology
Can you really be allergic to exercise? Yes – and it sounds awful.
Black Kirby and Janelle Monae: The New Cutting Edge of Afrofuturism
How Disney Got All Its Characters Looking The Same
The 14 Most Ridiculous Mutants from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Ask A Geophysicist Anything You Want About Earthquakes
Sleepy Hollow Is a Shirtless Nightmare This Week
The true story of Sir Jeffery Hudson, the real-life Tyrion Lannister
Amazing Concept Art Shows How We Fixed the World By 2050
S.H.I.E.L.D.'s success revives talk of a live-action Star Wars Show
How is the Government Shutdown affecting NASA?
The logical paradox that you can take to court
Sperm Wars Can Create New Species
What Do You Want to 3D Print?
This is officially the most absurd Batman merchandise of all time
Hear Benedict Cumberbatch's Dragon Voice in the New Hobbit Trailer
Watch Bill Nye's courageous robot dance from last night
Could there be a surprising cameo in tonight's Agents of SHIELD?
These Breathtaking Cliffside Walkways Will Give You Vertigo
Comment of the Day: Headless Horseman Edition
We have seen clouds on a giant planet beyond our solar system
Confirmed: Underwater sonar linked to over a hundred whale deaths
Ancillary Justice is the mind-blowing space opera you've been needing
Steven Moffat "Probably Done" with the Weeping Angels on Doctor Who
There's going to be a NEW Live-Action Cruella De Vil Movie!
J.J. Abrams apologizes for all those Star Trek lens flares
"NASA will shut down almost entirely."
How to make chocolate out of nothing
Which brand new character totally failed to mesh with an ensemble cast?
Gorgeous Trailer for SIMILO, Set in Our Fertile Future Antarctica
Wonder Woman can be made into a movie, and this amazing short is proof
Watch this tremendous explosion at a gunpowder plant
The Most Brutal Endings of Science Fiction and Fantasy TV Shows
Breaking Bad’s final episode is a fitting end to the series
Academic fraud in China is getting out of hand
An unexpected way that old media is being destroyed by the future
This NASA wind tunnel test is absolutely gorgeous
Oliver returns to the island with friends in the first Arrow s2 clip
Here's how Geiger counters really work
Mutant fruit fly names range from fun to disturbing
A New Grant to Encourage Science Fiction Writing from Diverse Worlds
How DNA testing can rip families apart -- and bring them together
The 7 Least Subtle Comic Book Retcons of All Time
Ten Indie PC Games You Must Keep An Eye On
We can't stop watching the KFC Ketchup Packet Demon
This Week's TV: Guillermo del Toro's Cartoon Tribute to Classic Horror
SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 9 Rocket
The Very First Image of a Hydrogen Bond
Love blossoms among the zombies in 40 new Walking Dead images
Robert Downey Jr. actually owns a life-size, flying R/C Iron Man suit
What Item Would You Put in a Time Capsule?
Pakistan's new mud volcano is spewing flammable gas
Do we already know the villain of Thor 3?
Discuss the final episode of Breaking Bad here!
This cosmic dust is basically a gargantuan, radiation-spewing fairy
Our world had oxygen 700 million years earlier than we thought
Energetic Oil Paintings of Our Solar System's Planets
You Can't Take the First 12.5 Inches of the Sky From Me
Why I'm tired of seeing Nikola Tesla in science fiction
Are Elvish, Klingon, Dothraki and Na'vi real languages?
Crowdfund an effort to rescue out-of-print adventure books
Webcomic biography of Ayn Rand puts her works in context
Next Weekend This Abandoned Wizard of Oz Theme Park Will Open
How the Thermos corporation cheated the inventor of the thermos
The Lannister family, illustrated in the style of The Lion King
10 Characters Who Were One Step Away from Being the Chosen One
A "floating" table made of magnetic cubes
Flirty anatomical illustrations of people stripping their skin
How Star Trek Into Darkness's space jump scene was filmed
Breaking Bad's episodes as stark, minimalist posters
This stuffed dinosaur may be the first toy made in space
Are the Crockers vampires for Haven's Troubled folk?
Watch the fireball that exploded over Ohio last night
A haunting Russian stop-motion animated fairy tale from 1968
Does This Count as Drinking Responsibly?
Korra invites us to an adorable Flying Bison breakfast party
Hotel That Inspired The Shining Plans to Dig Up Its Pet Cemetery
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Funeral on the Ocean Floor
Disaster strikes in the tense first clip from Gravity
You can now visit CERN—including the LHC—on Google Street View
Why do knights fight snails in illuminated manuscripts?
Four methods of trepanation demonstrated on a single human skull
This abandoned playhouse was once an elaborate treehouse mansion
Breaking Bad's "The one who knocks" as written by famous authors
A young Finnish man and his dog get stuck in a fox spirit's dream
River and the Doctor's date goes awry in Neil Gaiman's minisode
Neal Stephenson Says His Dream of Making a Video Game Isn’t Dead
The Cast of Adventure Time, Carved Out of Crayons
Wolverine & Captain America battle robot ninjas on Ultimate Spider-Man
You must only speak the words to enter the realms beyond
NBC has bought a TV show based on my story about psychics in love
Comment of the Day: Sewage and Statistics Edition
This fashion show is like a glimpse of the future
Beautiful Destroyed Structures of the Modern Age
There are secret messages left aboard the International Space Station
Skull in a salt lake GIF is eerily relaxing
Don't Remake These Movies, Film These Books Instead!
What is the greatest science fiction-inspired song ever written?
How did people dance 800 years ago?
What if Dr. Seuss wrote Jurassic Park?
Behold the power of a supermassive black hole
Why is this man growing a nose on his forehead?
We love this officially licensed, gender-swapped Doctor Who coat
This ancient fish may have been the first animal to have a face
The time a legendary physicist was nearly killed by Lady Godiva
See these lovely science fiction paintings for yourself
7 Brilliant and Enticing Movies About the Lives of Sexologists
A disturbing and sad experiment that revealed the nature of phobias
Cloudy 2 isn't quite as spicy a meatball as the original
This android's muscles and tendons allow it to move like a human
A new photo emerges of Lincoln at Gettysburg
Watch out: the trailer for In Fear might scare you out of your seat
Russia's flesh-eating drug Krokodil actually has origins in America
First look at Meryl Streep's witch from Disney's Into The Woods
IPCC Report: Humans are the ‘dominant cause’ of global warming
The Florida Effect
We're finally getting a Constantine TV show!
Tell Us Your Best Trade Secret
How to burn money -- and still spend it later
Why do we live in three dimensions?
Have Independence Day 2 and Jurassic World found their stars?
The First Animals In Space
Comment of the Day: Cowbird Edition
The one truly outstanding scene in the Revolution season premiere
We learn best from unjust punishment
This uncanny orb is a miracle of glass-blowing
American Horror Story's new opening sequence is pretty gross. Hooray!
A mysterious fire transformed North America's greatest city in 1170
What's the biggest missed opportunity in science fiction history?
Pentagon invests $10M to make this scary robot silent and bulletproof
The real explanation for this "Bat Toad" picture is even freakier
Listening to Richard Feynman explain rubber bands will make your week
NASA has just made an incredible discovery about water on Mars
Listen to what our ancestors' language sounded like 6,000 years ago
Habitable moons beyond our solar system? Astronomers say it's possible.
Godborn author Paul S. Kemp discusses antiheroes and whiskey
Every Sci-Fi Starship Ever*, In One Mindblowing Comparison Chart
The official atomic weights of 19 elements have just been changed
The Most Absurd Courtroom Scenes from Science Fiction and Fantasy TV
The Original Floor Plans From The Very First Doctor Who Episode
First trailer for Disney's Frozen is funnier than we expected
How a children's cartoon destroyed Japanese agriculture
The science behind power naps, and why they're so damn good for you
18 killed in deadly hornet attacks in Chinese city
10 Best Science Fiction Stories Where Humans Are The Monsters
Why can farts be set alight?
The Aerial Villages of Mars
A Beautifully Animated Open Letter to J.J. Abrams About Star Wars
Don't forget to get your flu shot!
The world’s first mind-controlled robotic leg is ready for prime time
Why the Cuckoo Finch Is Called a Brood Parasite
Delusional Scientist Has Incredible List of Collaboration Requirements
Theros is a gorgeous neoclassical fantasy, in this new Magic set
Who Are You? Introduce Yourselves in the Comments!
Apple Maps Glitch Takes Drivers to Runway of International Airport
Could Wonder Woman make her movie debut in the Man of Steel sequel?
This is how we welcomed our new robot overlord
Here’s the Technology That Might Save Motion Control Gaming
The First Mysterious Teaser for Showtime's Monsteriffic Penny Dreadful
Comment of the Day: Wobbly Robot Edition
The Biggest Unanswered Questions from the Agents of SHIELD Pilot
Strange Snapshots Of Police and Emergency Services From the Past
When a lightning storm rains down upon the Grand Canyon
On Person of Interest, we meet the new Machine Gang
What Kenya's Mall Siege Reveals About the Urban Future of War
Yes, free will is real -- and it exists for a reason
Stephen Hawking's ideas are easy to understand in this wonderful cartoon
Who's your favorite fictional deity or demon?
Popular Science has turned off comments. Here's why that's a bad idea.
A Most Unusual Weapon in the Fight Against HIV: Foot Cream
See (and hear!) Chris Eccleston's Malekith in the new Thor 2 TV spot
Breakthrough: The World’s First Carbon Nanotube Computer
Apocalyptic short film shows us Paris with all the people "deleted"
This supercut of technology breaking down is cathartic and beautiful
Meet the Deadliest Venomous Animals in the World
Think you can walk in a straight line, blindfolded? Guess again.
10 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Star Wars: Return of the Jedi
Visualizing the most unisex names in U.S. history
The Search for the King of the Original Narnia
How much science does Breaking Bad get right? Way more than you think.
Pakistan's new island was created by a 'mud volcano'
No, Game of Thrones Is Not Worth Ending a Friendship Over
What Will the Classroom of the Future Look Like?
Check out the Avengers 2: Age of Ultron promo from Comic-Con!
Live From a Floating Research Station
This astounding video just took projection-mapping to the next level
What are the really big questions for Matt Smith's Doctor Who finale?
New TV show tells the story of young Jim Gordon, before he met Batman
Autumn was in the air as we walked past the atmosphere factories
The Most Frequently Banned Book of 2012: Captain Underpants?
Comment of the Day: Sad Clown Edition
Serbian academics uncover the scholarly work of Ron Jeremy
These Are The Most Extreme Buildings Ever
Games Workshop has lost its mind.
Horse_ebooks proves that humans yearn to be friends with bots
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about Lexicon.
Could the Nazis have starved Britain into submission?
The chocolate bar that revealed the microwave
What's the absolute best movie remake of all time?
The original Dungeons & Dragons makes its triumphant return
Magnets: HOW DO THEY WORK? Well... like this.
The perfect demonstration of an incredible feature of chicken anatomy
Minimalist book cover art brings a new spark to these book classics
Do we need a Space Party?
What if you had superpowers, but only when you were having sex?
Princess Leia fights alone in a brand new Star Wars book
The Art and Science of State Fair Foods
The Greatest Out-of-Print Tabletop RPGs That We Still Love
This Week, Sleepy Hollow Gets a Batcave!
10 Unsung Heroes in the History of Doctor Who
Everything We Know About BBC's Atlantis TV Show Is Wrong
7.7 magnitude quake in Pakistan just created a new island
A remarkably detailed fake study of Wolverine’s regeneration abilities
Meet the Samurai ThunderCats of ancient Japan in this awesome fanart
Dragon Ball Z in the Best Hair Wax Promotion Ever
Earth’s Mysterious Third Radiation Ring Driven By ‘Different Physics’
Tesla gets a monument in New York, one of many recognitions to come
The future of Firefly will finally be revealed in a new Serenity comic
What Will Our Monument to History Be?
The most astonishing timelapse of Burning Man you will ever see
Are some of Star Wars's most beloved aliens returning for Episode VII?
Bubble mansions are popular in the asteroid belt this year
Your Daily Recommended Dose of Steampunk Murder!
Comment of the Day: Procrastivity Edition
Humans are not the only primates who whisper
A fascinating difference between pet dogs and tame wolves
Schwarzenegger says Hunger Games ripped off Running Man... in song!
The Dark Knight rises higher than ever before in This Week’s DVDs
The World's Oldest Newspapers Still Being Published Today
CrossFit's "dirty little secret" could kill you
Sneak peek inside the Breaking Bad writer's room gives us meth chills
The Polish Knight Fighting League is the only reality show we need
What's the happiest happy ending of all time?
This Gravity feature explains why you'll want to see this movie in 3D
Why drugs that treat psychological disorders may be doomed
Sexy skeleton models are easily the weirdest thing you'll see today
Our New Favorite Source for Pulp Science Fiction Art!
A Haunted House You Walk Through Naked? Pass
The Moon is Younger Than We Thought
The stage is now set for Breaking Bad's final act
Motivational Metaphor Monday: Live life LIKE AN EAGLE CONQUERING A DEER
How To Be An Ethical Carnivore
These experiments show that venting your anger makes it worse
Is now the time for a Gotham Central TV show, at long last?
The 9 Least Competent Jedi
First image of Disney's new live Cinderella shows a wild princess
The 16th century exorcism that became political propaganda
This Week: Half a Dozen Big TV Premieres. Including Agents of SHIELD!
Now You Can Read the Very First Cyborg Novel Ever
First Jessica Lange-filled footage from American Horror Story: Coven
That Time Thomas Edison Almost Invented the Radio Telescope
The threat displays of non-threatening animals are kind of adorable
New Under the Skin trailer makes sex w/ Scarlett Johansson terrifying
What Kind of Transportation Will We Use in the Future?
The most inventive beards and mustaches you will ever see
Just why does The Amazing Spider-Man 2 need so many villains?
The beautiful Prawn Nebula has been hiding in the wrong wavelengths
Two miniature spaghetti western outlaws plan a piggy bank heist
Terminator 2 reenacted entirely with lines from Shakespeare
The Slothocalypse
Crazy theories on how Breaking Bad will end, in musical form
Why feeling the rhythm can be essential to speaking language good
Crowdfund a 13-year-old girl's slasher film
Gorgeous art nouveau-inspired portraits of Miyazaki's characters
Building It - The Space Shuttle Orbiter
Hip Star Wars neckties add Force and flair to your suits
Michael Keaton nearly played Jack on Lost
Cosplayers threatened with legal action for hotel carpet costume
How one entomologist used grasshoppers to help solve a murder
Summer Glau is ready for boardroom battle in latest Arrow images
Watch Christian Bale's Batman audition—in Val Kilmer's suit
Striking natural landscapes that look like works of fantasy art
Listen to the radio diary of a zucchini plant aboard the ISS
Impressive GoT fanfilm takes us beyond the Wall with Benjen Stark
Why on Earth do people keep moving to Haven?
Our first look at Henry Cavill on the Man from U.N.C.L.E. set
This week's Korra reveals that Aang was kind of a sucky dad
Stephen King Hates The Shining Because It’s Misogynistic
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Gentleman Alien Escorts a Lady
What If Bruce Timm Designed the New 52?
A puppet tiger transforms a city into a glowing, animated jungle
A short story about 2023 London, where temps bid on hourly jobs
Eyes and teeth transform ordinary objects into Muppety street art
Ylvis music video parody asks: What's Wolverine say?
X-Men director is developing a kaiju TV series for Syfy
At school for angels and demons, one devil just wants to do good
The series bible that sold ABC on Lost is full of lies
The demons of mental illness illustrated as real monsters
Hiccup & Toothless return to television on Dragons: Defenders of Berk
Please mind the dragon
Cold War-inspired supernatural series Ghost Projekt goes to NBC
This physical breakthrough could change our understanding of spacetime
Strange Historic Photos Of Intelligent Animals
At MIT, engineers are taught that scifi is crucial to do good science
If this isn't the real ending of Naruto, it should be
Here's an incredible statistic that will give you hope for the future
That moment when a high-altitude balloon ventures a little too high
The 12 Best Games on the iPhone
What's your comfort read?
We Have Mixed Feelings About Neil Marshall Remaking Troll Hunter
These Steampunk detectives are going to darker places than ever before
Batman trades crimefighting for childrearing with hilarious results
Flatlining comatose patients may be more 'alive' than we realized
Who was the Skull Cowboy, the mysterious character cut from The Crow?
The deadly side of champagne bubbles
Here's one classic Doctor Who story that's scary AND packed with ideas
15 Toylines from the '80s That Will Never Ever Be Coming Back
A 'super typhoon' is about to smash into East Asia
The Unexpected Places Where Artificial Intelligence Will Emerge
William Shatner turned down a space voyage because he's scared to fly
What if you got blackout drunk every time you binged on carbs?
Liquid Fuel, From the Sun
Here's why everybody is freaking out about methane on Mars
New reality TV show wants to send you into space
The less-is-better effect lets you fake generosity
Hell is The Colony, and it has frozen over
Harry Potter Wedding Spoiled by Failed Owl Delivery Service
The human nose can sense 10 basic smells
The grumpy history of the smiley emoticon
Which of today's current technologies will be around in 50 years?
See the explosion that mimics the strike of a match
New message to aliens could be uploaded to New Horizons spacecraft
All the Latest on S.H.I.E.L.D., Walking Dead, Orphan Black, and More!
They are friends, not evil machines
Comment of the Day: Too Many Spiders Edition
The Lannisters visited Sesame Street
A new crop of literary novels explores our internet dystopia
It's all aboard for class warfare in the final Snowpiercer trailer
Wonderful Castles and Mansions That Are Haunted by Tragic Ghosts
The Recency Bias makes us permanent amnesiacs
And now, an otter tossing a rock between its paws
The Movie The World's End Shows That Hybrids Are For Alien Androids
Which Science Fiction or Fantasy Character Deserves a Spinoff?
Is Seth Green's Star Wars comedy show stuck in limbo forever?
Patrick Ness explains the secret of writing an unforgettable book
An explanation for why your peripheral vision is completely borked
A black widow story that'll make you shake out your sheets tonight
New Star Wars RPG appeals to your inner Han Solo
Was Mr. Skygack the First Alien Character in Comics?
Vintage NASA spacesuit photos are delightfully trippy
The Most Spectacular Astronomy Images of the Past Year
Google wants you to live forever
Trailer for Dario Argento's Dracula 3D is YIKES
Why is it so impossible to get out of bed in the morning?
Amazing fiction mag Strange Horizons is this month's worthiest cause
Sexy Rick Grimes from Walking Dead is an actual Halloween costume now
Why do some people's eyes look like keyholes?
8 Ways to Make a Movie About a Female Superhero Happen
George Clooney on the set of Tomorrowland leaves us plot-guessing
The mysterious case of the dead shark and the disappearing coral reef
The Honest Trailer for World War Z has a lot to work with
Sailor Moon's biker gang cosplay girls are beyond badass
Soldiers are developing relationships with their battlefield robots
Darth Vader is hilariously unintimidating with Little Anakin's voice
Could the mythical blue tiger actually exist?
What's Going to Be Good (and Bad) About the Next Batman Video Game
Agent Peggy Carter's new mission might be a TV series
Watch the trailer for Pixar's first TV special Toy Story of Terror
The Real Problem With Logan's Run's Infamous "Sex Teleport" Scene
Rocket Frog is old news, meet Rocket Armadillo
Is Cumberbatch Star Wars: Episode VIII's villain, not Episode VII's?
Rocket Launch Never Looked As Overwhelming As This
SharkNATO is real!
Comment of the Day: Walter White is secretly Tywin Lannister!
"Our calculated global warming in this case is 16°C"
We'd be willing to wage a Time War to get this TARDIS door sticker
Burningly awesome Norwegian metal video channels Dune
This map shows the regions of Earth most vulnerable to climate change
Joss Whedon was brought onto Thor 2 as the fixer
Designs for Great Architectural Landmarks that Were Never Built
The time Walter Cronkite was zapped into the digital world of Tron
Some of the Year's Most Startling Science Images
No Sleep 'til Toronto: 3 weeks until the North American iGEM jamboree
Great, the effects of toxoplasma are harder to fix than we thought
What was the best 1990s science fiction or fantasy show for kids?
Mercury is made of carbonite and Han Solo is frozen in it
The Secret Connection between Dr. Seuss and E.T.
What's it like to soar through the Chamonix Valley on an eagle's back?
This 18-year-old invented an exoskeleton glove for the disabled
Jamie Lee Curtis is building a TV team of Horror Movie Survivors
Breaking Bad inspires George R.R.Martin to make an even worse villain
How to Turn Real Science Into Great Science Fiction
Angry Birds Star Wars II Could Have Been A Great Shameless Cash-Grab
This graph of Boulder's year-to-date rainfall is just staggering
To write this heartfelt emotional story, I had to do trigonometry
9 Philosophical Thought Experiments That Will Keep You Up at Night
First Left Behind images, fingers crossed for Nic Cage as God
Celebrate the first embarrassing public technical glitch
Scientists have finally sequenced the tiger genome!
The classic girl-meets-glorgon love story gets a movie trailer
The Season Finale of Under the Dome, Recapped by the Dome
Should Star Wars and Star Trek ever have a crossover?
Professional pickpocket Apollo Robbins on the art of misdirection
What Is the Jetpack You’ve Been Waiting For?
The Air Force Chief of Staff gave a briefing in a Captain America mask
Google honors French physicist with interactive pendulum doodle
Roland Emmerich updates us on ID4 2, Singularity and (gulp) Foundation
The floating city was rebuilding itself with remarkable efficiency
Is it really possible for books to "transcend genre?"
The world's largest robot is a 51-foot, fire-breathing DRAGON
Comment of the Day: Dark Carnival Edition
Ancient merchants are responsible for modern horse genetics
A Mercedes-Benz S-500 just drove 62 miles all by itself
It’s demon and witch versus werewolf mob boss in This Week’s Comics
Once-Majestic Cities That Sank Beneath The Ocean
An incredible new polymer that heals itself to 97% efficiency
What throwaway movie scene still pisses you off even to this day?
The Insane Sex Robots We Never Saw in Elysium
Nobody knows how these mysterious ridges formed on the surface of Mars
It's a miracle that Terry Gilliam's Time Bandits even got made
This short film was made entirely on Facebook, IM, and Chatroulette
Terrifying clown stalks the streets of Northampton, England
How to measure the power of a science fiction story
The CDC Warns of the Impending "Post-Antibiotic Era"
Never-Before-Seen Concept Art from A.I., Hulk, and Other Movies!
11 WTF Moments Where Villains Get Naked [NSFW]
Why does this eyelash-enhancer turn your eyes brown?
Here's how engineers salvaged Italy's massive shipwreck
Ron Howard confirms The Dark Tower is still in the works
What do you really need to know about the universe?
Canadian scientists protest government muzzling of researchers
Here's why you should be watching Sleepy Hollow right now
This physics grad student made a mind-blowing Bohemian Rhapsody cover
The Star Trek: TNG crew looks amazing in Original Series uniforms
Bill Nye turns Cha Cha Guy in his Dancing with the Stars debut
What Obsolete Technology Do You Wish Would Come Back?
This short film about a stranded astronaut packs an emotional punch
Walking Dead Prints from NinjaBot
The first evidence that lifestyle changes can reverse aging
The Entire History of the American Civil War, in One Gorgeous Chart
Ben Affleck responds to Batman controversy in incredibly Batmanish way
Watch this dancer do battle with a beam of light
An unprecedented glimpse of Voyager 1 as seen from Earth
Will Wolverine kick Young Magneto's ass in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Comment of the Day: Rocket Fuel Edition
In the abandoned human school, ravens were learning to read
Nigerian grad student uses magnets to 'prove' gay marriage is wrong
The Secret of Creating Mindblowing Concept Art of Alien Worlds
This is the secret to discovering a whale's life history
Fore-Edge Paintings: The Secret Works of Art Hidden Inside Book Pages
Behold, the Moon as you've never seen it before
Last Days on Mars poster shows a brawl on the red planet
Doctor Who reveals another forgotten Doctor in This Week’s DVDs
You can survive the end of the world in these doomsday timeshares
What's the most messed-up family in all science fiction and fantasy?
The Dark Knight trilogy continues in this amazing Nightwing fan flick
Johnny Depp will now seduce a 12-year-old in Disney's Into the Woods
Small animals perceive the world in slow-motion
Skyfall's writer and director reunite for a Victorian horror show
The Bizarre Evolution of the Word "Cyber"
Insidious 3 is a go, whether you want it or not
The Nerdist's Zero Charisma movie may not be doing nerds any favors
Another ten bets you'll (almost) never lose
Why do some plants eat flesh?
Watch every single Doctor Who episode ever, in a single hour
Everything's not lost: America's youth are living healthier lifestyles
The 10 Most Memorable Dungeons & Dragons Monsters
Was our universe created by a four-dimensional black hole?
AMC plans a Walking Dead spinoff series
This Week's TV: The Most Entertaining Pilot of the Fall Season!
What the atomic tests of the 1950s looked like from Los Angeles
We are not the boss of natural selection. It is unpwnable.
Make Doritos a Super Bowl commercial, win a job on the Avengers 2 set
The most delicious severed hands and feet you'll ever eat
The Union Jack on the Moon
Meet io9's first community editor, Ria Misra!
Last night's Breaking Bad was the best—and most grueling—episode ever
This may be the strangest human brain known to science
Did Jamie Foxx reveal some fairly major Amazing Spider-Man 2 secrets?
Gilded airships float from their towering docks
A boy strikes a bargain with a dying wolf in this animated fable
These rules helped make the Bill Nye the Science Guy show great
This dazzlingly bright star is a cosmic lighthouse
Please don't try to turn the Star Trek movies into Deep Space 9
Crowdfund a map of the science fictional history of the US
Three mighty rivers once flowed through the Sahara
RIP Stephen Crohn,  'The Man Who Can't Catch  AIDS'
Sailor Moon gets retro-cool with these space pulp redesigns
Amazonian butterflies and bees drink the tears of turtles
Why do human beings seek out terrifying experiences?
Read Richard Feynman's physics lectures for free online
Calvin & Hobbes and Dune is a surprisingly great combination
This video of powder moving on a vibrating surface is mesmerizing
X-ray videos of people doing ordinary and extraordinary things
Ben Affleck plays every single one of the Superfriends
What is the state of Haven now that Audrey isn't Audrey?
False teeth transform these cute felt toys into plushy horrors
Guinness officially recognizes the largest Star Wars collection
Korra returns with family drama and religious extremism
A webcomic about tar that will make you tear up
Why World War I Usually Gets the Shaft in Gaming (Until Now)
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Mecha Drivers Stop for Directions
Disney princesses look dapper in their princes' clothes
Khan almost wasn't Khan in Star Trek Into Darkness
This rare mutant lobster has six claws
Watch a sneak peek from the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. premiere
Explore the Galápagos Islands on Google Street View
Justin Bieber is probably joking about being in Batman/Superman
Two frightened dogs search for their home at the end of the world
Meet Doctor Lollipop, the forest's foremost unicorn physician
Glee actor will play the Flash on Arrow—and in a possible spinoff
Legend of Korra kicks off season two with an hour-long premiere
With our tentacles we bravely fought
Disney Princesses Twerking... Is nothing sacred!?!
This Chipotle Ad has most beautiful animation we've seen all year
This is a Stunning Seaside Timelapse
Dinosaur DNA cannot be extracted from amber
Dogs basically don't care if you are a robot or a human
Good Will Batman is the Batfleck we deserve and need right now
The Strangest and Most Tragic Ghost Towns from Around the World
The perfect t-shirts for ninjas and space travelers
What's the most WTF movie you've ever seen?
Does The Dog Die? A Movie website that asks the IMPORTANT questions
Are Janelle Monae's science-fictional lyrics keeping her off the radio?
When a Friday the 13th prank goes too far . . .
45 percent of American jobs will be done by computers in 20 years
NSA Honcho built Enterprise bridge replica to sell Congress on spying
Does consciousness arise from quantum processes in the brain?
Genre Actors Who've Owned More Than One Iconic Role
This New Space Show will Bend Your Mind
A Brief and Canny Explanation for the Flood of Remakes and Sequels
Brian Cox says time travel is easy! Well, kinda.
When the aurora glows blood red
Investigative Journalist Uncovers the Fake Geek Boys of Comic-Con
Evidence that wild orangutans are scary smart
How the pseudoscience of Social Darwinism nearly destroyed humanity
The Swedish Prime Minister's science fiction novel becomes a hit play
Enjoy a Rare Visit to Friday 13th's Real-Life Camp Crystal Lake
The strange poison that killed Chris McCandless
Julianne Moore perfectly cast in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay
10 Terrible Ideas for TV Spinoffs of Popular Movies
Liquid N2 + ping pong balls + hi-speed cam = SLOMO boomhappy funtime
Is the Peak-End Rule responsible for overlong movies?
Penis reattachment, and other winners from the 2013 Ig Nobel Awards
Holy bantha poodoo, Disney is making more Star Wars prequels
Insidious 2's biggest crime isn't failing to be scary
This is what a lightning strike does to a lightning rod
Last Days on Mars trailer spills some blood on the red planet
James Cameron loves the hell out of the CG Captain Harlock movie
Relativity goes underwater with Supplee's Paradox
A map of our solar system that puts it into proper perspective
Ben Affleck's Batman will be "tired, and kind of weary and seasoned"
We made our homes in the shattered remnants of the bridge
Nobel-winner Murray Gell-Mann has a good reason not to commit suicide
This insect evolved gears in its legs
Luc Besson still wants to make another Fifth Element
Tiny, enclosed pod offices for the post-apocalyptic web worker
The Canadian sky is bursting with colors
Of course you want a shaving cream rain cloud in a jar
Watch a big chunk of footage from the new Walking Dead season!
Sam and Dean enjoy each others' musk in this Supernatural gag reel
Which character started as an awful stereotype, then got humanized?
12-year-old girl who survived brain-eating amoeba heads back to school
Watch the 2013 Ig Nobel Prize Ceremony now, live on io9!
An incredible image of the biggest galaxy cluster we've ever seen
Kiss your dreams of Jurassic Park goodbye (again)
The Long List of Successful Action Movies Starring Women
"Working" Star Trek teleporter blows U.K. mall shoppers' minds
The sound of interstellar space is actually kind of terrifying
How to Argue About Research You Don't Like: A Flowchart
Disney wants you to bring your iPad to The Little Mermaid. NO.
A 1,476-foot tower equipped with its very own cloaking device
This time it's official.  Voyager 1 is in interstellar space.
James Gunn says we can still "save the world through science fiction"
Dalek Cake Stand? Dalek Cake Stand.
New discovery brings us one step closer to preventing HIV infections
Say Hello Alcoholism with the official Hello Kitty Beer
Escape from Tomorrow: a Movie Shot at Disneyland, Without Permission
8 Heroes Who Should Have Been Arrested for Child Endangerment
When did the church accept that the Earth moves around the sun?
Stare into the lifeless, CG face of the new Sabrina The Teenage Witch
The most accurate 3D map of our galaxy reveals a peanut-shaped core
DC Adventures RPG gives you every hero you ever wanted
The Chronicle writer is pitching a Wonder Woman movie
J.K. Rowling is writing a new movie in the Harry Potter-verse
This frog got WAY too close to last week's NASA rocket launch
Hide your greater sins by listing your lesser ones
48 Names for Things You Didn't Know Had Names
One of the world's first true robots has sold for $27,660 at auction
Why James Spader's "Eerily Calm" Voice Makes Him the Perfect Ultron!
Nice Night for a Space Walk
Shyamalan explains why the critics "just didn't get" Last Airbender
Frank Culbertson watched 9/11 from the ISS
This glow-in-the-dark Xenomorph figure might be the scariest Alien toy
Robots and spaceships invade Nigeria in The Day They Came Episode 1
If all kids were this ambitious, we'd probably have time travel by 2030
These rare photos of Migaloo the albino humpback whale are astonishing
Photos of the Amazing and Gruesome World Under a Microscope
Coulson faces a rising tide in the best Agents of SHIELD clip yet
What's the single best episode of any genre TV show ever?
Spectacular new images from Gravity show the true horror of space
How red light revealed that the Universe is expanding
Drought-stricken Kenya is sitting on 250-trillion liters of groundwater
How Much Do Fantasy Authors Earn?
All the Things We Hope Will Happen in the New TV Season
You know that newfound Van Gogh painting has the TARDIS in it, right?
The Spectacular Story Of Metroid, One Of Gaming's Richest Universes
What do we mean when we say the Universe is curved?
A pioneering early "slow-mo" technique was developed only as padding
10  Images that Sum Up the Geological History of the Earth
Meet the First Avatar in an action-packed new Legend of Korra trailer
Anno Dracula's Kim Newman explains why there's not just one Dracula
A new digital ecology is evolving, and humans are being left behind
Neill Blomkamp's Elysium is real, and located in Malibu
Vintage NASA animations make us long for a fully funded space program
Macrophotographs of insects to melt your face
A map of the world's happiest (and least happiest) countries
Will toy companies keep us from ever getting a superheroine movie?
The Monty Python and the Holy Grail trailer recut into a serious flim
Our universe may contain TARDIS-like regions of spacetime
This first look at Godzilla will set your kaiju-loving heart at ease
A translucent snail has been found in one of the world's deepest caves
Just what the hell is going on with Terminator 5?
Jurassic Park IV renamed Jurassic World, and it's coming in June 2015
One hidden cave city held the last of our hope
Hugh Jackman's Wolverine almost showed up in Raimi's first Spider-Man
Eye-Popping Video: The Making of Pacific Rim's Opening Sequence
First glimpse of American Horror Story cast in their witchy new roles
The Stockdale Paradox reveals why hope is the grimmest emotion
No, skipping breakfast will not cause you to gain weight
The wildest apocalypse of the year hits in This Week's Comics
Famous Historic Photographs, Transformed by Color
One day, a spider army will build our circuit boards
Sir David Attenborough says the future is going to totally suck
What's the best out-of-canon story you've ever read or seen?
io9 Book Club reminder: On 9/24, we discuss Max Barry's Lexicon
All The Most Essential Science Fiction and Fantasy Books in September!
How to Survive a Lightning Strike
Now this is the Thor 2 movie poster we want
New Marvel Game Gives Stan Lee Eleven Super-Powers. And Immortality.
What will The Simpsons look like after the apocalypse?
Canada releases official Superman currency for his 75th anniversary
How much alcohol is too much?
That's Actually Perfect: Sigur Rós will cameo on Game of Thrones
The Science of What Makes an Introvert and an Extrovert
First Look at the New Zombie Novel by the Go the F-- to Sleep Author
The Great Phenol Plot is another reason to hate Thomas Edison
10 Biggest Dodged Bullets in the History of Doctor Who
A blind man describes his perception of nature's intangible beauty
So apparently men with small balls are better dads
DC’s explanation of why Batwoman can’t get married is nonsense
First-ever clip of Daniel Radcliffe in Horns
Les Miserablés is decidedly less miserable with lightsabers
How is the sequester affecting science in America?
Almost Human's co-showrunner quits
These GIFs of bouncing Jell-O are disturbingly satisfying
BBC finally reveals some actual Doctor Who 50th anniversary details
This girl ages into an old woman before your eyes without you noticing
Long-lost Van Gogh Painting Recovered from Collector's Attic
Hugh Jackman promises Days of Future Past is three movies in one!
The ship rose out of the atmosphere like an enormous ghost
Scientists say they've found the neural origin of humans' "sixth sense"
These are the greatest adventure stories of the 19th century
J.J. Abrams' mysterious viral trailer finally explained!
Show your support for renowned B-movie director Albert Pyun
Who built these structures? Could it be . . . aliens?
Please line up to get screwed over by the Star Trek 2 Blu-ray
Three-legged cat wearing tiny hats will fill you with happiness
Ex-Doctor Who stars protest due to lack of Classic Doctors in the 50th
Monday is now officially "Be Excellent to Each Other" Gif Party Day
What's the most awesomely gritty world in science fiction or fantasy?
The 4th Wizard of Oz TV adaptation, Dorothy Must Die, is the weirdest
This iodine clock reaction happens so fast it looks like magic
Probably the most viscerally satisfying thing you'll watch today
The Bone Season surrenders to fantasy writing's worst instincts
Here's the massive work that went into making Game of Thrones' dragons
It was the biggest Burning Man ever, and this is what I saw there
An Exclusive Look at Catherynne M. Valente's Next Fairyland Book
Meet the Maleo, the bizarre bird that can fly the moment it hatches
The 24 Worst-Dressed Members of G.I. Joe and Cobra
David Cronenberg wants you to try this creepy new brain implant
There are college classes on The Walking Dead now
This Week's TV: Legend of Korra returns. Plus Syfy gives us RoboCroc!
A hundred Tim Burton cakes too creepy to eat
Human urine contains more than 3,000 distinct chemicals
Ancient Roman coins depict sundry sexual acts, but what were they for?
Behold the Hulk Poodle from Ang Lee's Hulk
The pygmalion effect and the golem effect
Watch as SpaceX's Grasshopper scares the crap out of a herd of cattle
5 Crazy New Man-Made Materials That Will Shape the Future
Fake chemistry professor pranks students on first day of class
Is Star Wars revisiting its old wretched hive of scum and villainy?
Lose yourself in this vibrant video of the Northern Lights
Can you spot all the videogame references in this animated short?
Animated portraits of cyborgs are whimsical nightmare fuel
LADEE Launches from NASA Wallops
There's something weird going on with our galaxy's planetary nebulae
Mark Gatiss’s Game of Thrones role revealed
Tragic Photographs of Disasters that Occurred Before 1920
Crowdfund a Mysterious Cities of Gold video game
This African fish can start having babies at 17 days old
Batwoman Can't Marry, Says DC Pub, Because Heroes Can't Be Happy
So it looks like there's a new ASOIAF book next year...
A guide to fallacious arguments, illustrated with funny animals
R2-D2 spotted in Star Trek Into Darkness
Much of the height in Earth's tallest towers is useless space
When did we start believing in Martians? Why did we stop?
There's a dark side to the universe that we never see
Bruce Wayne channels Sailor Moon to transform into Batman
A Series of Maps of the Freaky City of Night Vale
Architects envision an underground colony on Mars
What if Charlie Brown was chosen to be a Green Lantern?
The trailer for BBC's Atlantis is a Greek mythology mashup
Look beneath the surface of these incredible underground homes
The Beginning of "Thriller" Animated Entirely in LEGO Bricks
Why You Can’t Travel Back in Time and Kill Hitler
In "A Gotham Fairytale" Batman rides into danger as a Dark Knight of…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Tales from the Octopus Train
A scout sent to explore a planet finds his doppelgänger instead
Carl and Beth discuss the afterlife in Walking Dead deleted scene
Even without skin, the Chestburster mechanism test is nightmarish
We've seen Gravity and it's even better than we'd hoped
Compare 1836 and modern-day New York with this interactive map
Gene Roddenberry's 1968 memo on improving Star Trek's characters
In a high-class brothel, sex is a fantasy but love is complicated
This animation about a heroic knight ends with a tragic twist
Holy crap, this woman's hanging GLaDOS cosplay is incredible
DC Comics Contest: Draw a Naked Woman Committing Suicide
We learn that Plastic Man sports Batman pajamas on DC Nation
Holy crap Elon Musk really is Tony Stark
Japan terrorized by giant lighter people with USB compatible asses
The Strange and Wonderful History of Diving Suits, From 1715 to Today
The Funniest, Saddest Thing You'll Read Today: Star Wanderer!
Behind The Scenes Of One Of The PS4's Biggest Games
How Mike Massimino 'nearly broke' Hubble during a spacewalk
Brilliant art posters celebrate Star Trek: The Animated Series!
What's the worst 'ship in science fiction and fantasy?
Watch the Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo Test Flight... from the Engine
Lightspeed Presents: “The Schrödinger  War” by D. Thomas Minton
Mark Pellegrino is excited to play a sinister evolutionary biologist
That mummy found in a German attic contains human bones
All the things that make us nervous (and excited) in the new RoboCop
Oh twitter...
Meet the mysterious men behind Oklahoma's monument to Azathoth
See a lightning storm in a test tube
New Skyscraper Unexpectedly Generates A Solar Beam That Can Fry Cars
RIP Ann Crispin, Who Fought for the Writers
Don't believe the hype: We haven't cured Down Syndrome in mice
How Labyrinth illuminates an ancient Greek paradox
The 10 Most Unbelievable Alien Races in Science Fiction
I've Seen Metal Gear Solid V In Action
A nanoscopic view of your hair after it's been bleached
The Island of Doctor Moreau and his creepy cat people get a new remake
Let the Captain Marvel movie-starring-Katee Sackhoff rumors begin
Riddick shows how NOT to resurrect a great antihero
Watch a solar eclipse from the surface of another planet
+1  trailer asks, what if you could party with your doppelganger?
One of the solar system’s largest volcanoes is right here on Earth
Why losing helium might mean losing our history
Stargate is getting rebooted into a new movie trilogy
Letters from Whitechapel is a ripping good board game
Virgin Galactic says it's on track to begin tours of space in 2014
Jennifer Lawrence explains why Mystique is "naked" in the new X-Men
A nacreous cloud glistens over Antarctica
First RoboCop trailer shows off Robocop's brand new look
Our Toughest Question About The Originals: What does Marcel want?
Tomorrowland set includes a retro-looking "It's A Small World" ride
Want to be safe from the NSA's prying eyes? Here are some tips.
Was Jodorowsky's Dune the most ahead-of-its-time movie ever?
Science could give us super-athletes – so why don't we let it?
This starry mug reveals constellations when filled with a hot beverage
These Are the Starships of Our Dreams
Listen to 23 haunting minutes of the Gravity score now
Could the microbes in your gut actually help you lose weight?
Half of the U.S. lives in these 146 counties - is yours one of them?
Could a Game of Thrones director rescue the Terminator films?
What's your favorite novel that defies genre classification?
Darth Vader plays the Star Wars theme on the bagpipes on a unicycle
Yes, history can really become a science
How will the Sleepy Hollow show be different than Tim Burton's movie?
Astronomers say this Super Earth could have oceans of water
Everything we know about Pokemon Gen 6
Benedict Cumberbatch leaves Guillermo del Toro for the Lost City of Z
War May Lead to Increase in Zombie Movie Production
Best clip of the day: Loki torments the Cookie Monster with a cookie
Who built these ancient metal pipes deep inside a mountain cave?
Sir Ian McKellen is your newest (and oldest) Sherlock Holmes
Why would you need a test that measures the urine on your breath?
Transparent skull implant is the next step in body mods (and medicine)
Horrible prank tricks victims with the end of the world
Newton invented the laws of motion — and internet sockpuppetry
DC forbids Batwoman's gay marriage, creative team leaves [Updated!]
Futurama's final episode makes me a Fry and Leela shipper at last
Game of Thrones Rumor: You'll never guess who's taking the Black!
New Gravity trailer will leave you breathless
Stop pretending we aren't living in the Space Age
Continuum VFX reel shows the secrets of creating Vancouver in 2077
The Southern Pole of Mars is more beautiful than we ever imagined
Crazy Wooden Homes on Wheels Are Ripped Out of Victorian Dreams
The guy whose Reddit thread sparked a movie deal is at it again
This bicycle-powered treehouse-elevator is sheer wonderfulness
This device takes us one step closer to a colony on Mars
What's the most heartbreaking victory that cost too damn much?
Every Batman Actor's Face Morphed into One Hero, Now With Ben Affleck!
The Biggest Unanswered Questions About Marvel's Agents of SHIELD
Trailer for Brandon Sanderson's Steelheart: Best superhero story ever?
Here's what third-century China thought about the Roman Empire
When Food Goes Bad: Binge Eating, Reward, and the Brain
We're getting a Max Steel movie instead of a Thundercats movie
How to Spot Comet ISON in the Early Morning Sky
Campbell Award winning writer Mur Lafferty is here today! Talk to her!
Watch Simon Pegg trick his Trek castmates into wearing "Neutron Cream"
10 Physical Gestures That Have Been Patented
The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet trailer celebrates the inventor
The Artist Who Made Spaceflight Seem Real
Mythological creatures are cooler when they're anatomically correct
The Captain Marvel/Ms. Marvel/Shazam Clusterf*ck Explained
Watch ten years' worth of global weather unfold in just three minutes
Carrie featurette shows off her new batch of powers
A new Arrow season 2 promo gets to the point
What number do you see?  What number?
Just how long will we be waiting for Peter Capaldi's Doctor, anyway?
Genetic evidence that humans' "default state" is not solitude
George Clooney hangs a photo of himself as Batman, as a warning
Childbirth Simulator definitely educational, mostly horrifying
The evilest month of the year begins thanks to DC’s villains
Incredible Ways People Deal with Overloaded Transit Systems in Asia
What dangling plot thread would you kill to see resolved?
Enjoy scifi maestro Judith Merril's Doctor Who science lessons
Another young adult novel, The Fifth Wave, heading to the movies?
XCOM Isn't Any Easier in Enemy Within, but It Is More Thrilling
How Almost Human does for robots what Fringe did for mad science
The Cybertronic Spree is the Transformers band you never knew you…
The next season of True Blood will be its last
We demand Stripper Shoes for Tinkerbell on Once Upon A Time
This wistful astronaut story will seriously mess you up
The bizarre life forms that cannot be categorized
Lady Scientist Leads Crusade Against Creationism in U.S. Schools
This is why scurvy is one of evolution's greatest mysteries
Watch the first-ever footage of spontaneous ejaculation in a dolphin
9 Vital Questions to Ask Before Destroying a City in Your Movie
Here's a deleted scene from The Walking Dead's best episode ever
We've been looking at ant intelligence the wrong way
Watch IFLS Live! at the American Museum of Natural History
This massive Lego Masters of the Universe line needs to be real
Lovecraft sketch shows the author's vision for Mountains of Madness
We have absolutely no clue what built this crazy-complex structure
Two new trailers show the magical twists added to 47 Ronin
Is the "uncanny valley" a myth?
First clip from Terry Gilliam's new movie The Zero Theorem
This is not a leaf
Could J.J. Abrams reunite with Benedict Cumberbatch for Star Wars?
Artist collaborates with her four-year-old daughter, and magic results
China's brand-new abandoned cities could be dystopian movie sets
RIP Frederik Pohl, the man who transformed science fiction
Damaged ecosystems can repair themselves faster than we thought
8 Ruined Cities That Remain a Mystery to This Day
Where are my damn nanotechnology and mind uploading?
First Under the Skin Teaser: Scarlett Johansson as a Seductive Alien
Who's the greatest movie director of all time?
Wax anatomical figures are the stuff of nightmares
Scifi and fantasy ladies pose as Rosie the Riveter for Labor Day
This week’s DVDs is full of TV shows you wish you’d had this weekend
Marvel at the Brilliance and Creativity of Dragon Con Cosplay!
How food can change the color of birds, fish, and even humans
A Handy Guide to This Year's Best Artist Hugo Nominees
This Week's TV: Watch a Clip from Futurama's Huge Series Finale!
The 2002 Batman/Superman movie wouldn't have been the worst thing ever
The Secret Origins of Higher Education in America
This cosmic caterpillar might someday look just like our Sun
This is what it looks like when chimpanzees create art
If You Grew Up in the '80s, Your Soul Cries Out for This Space Shooter
Legendary anime director Hayao Miyazaki announces his retirement
A Walking Dead episode will be taken "almost verbatim" from the comics
The Glamour! The Drama! The Full Results of the 2013 Hugo Awards!
In his house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming
Tuberculosis may have been stalking humanity for 70,000 years
These Are The Weirdest Dinosaur Statues Ever
The Star Wars/Game of Thrones crossover you NEED: Darth Drogo!
Draft script for Doctor Who's "The Tenth Planet" has different ending
Mars could have developed life more quickly than Earth
The Most Intrepid Superhero Spaceships
Troy and Abed in a Jaeger!
Corn syrup has weird and beautiful powers over light
This is the main environmental cause of heart attacks
Top 10 Greatest Space Zombies Of All Time!
Seriously Cute Hobbit: Desolation of Smaug Poster Art
Britpop singer Robbie Williams nearly starred in Doctor Who
The Next Dragon Age Is Crazy Ambitious
Vehicles Of The 2013 DragonCon Parade - Photo Dump
Could You Survive the End of the Universe?
We can't wait for Space Dandy, from the creator of Cowboy Bebop
The mech stood alone among the floating pillars
Continuum just made our heads explode!
Spend your long weekend laughing at the weirdest porn spoofs [NSFW]
How police caught two bank robbers using Verizon cell phone data
How can you make the ebook novella boom work for you?
Know your Star Wars fighters with these gorgeous posters
These metallic dresses were created with iron filings and magnets
The Truck is probably the best "evil truck" movie of the year
Don't miss this engrossing novel about the science of dragons
The Greatest Japanese Role-Playing Games in the Universe
First Teaser for the Epic Documentary About Nic Cage's Superman Lives
Is Christopher Nolan's Interstellar really about climate disaster?
Incredible chrome T-rex skeleton scavenges on the banks of the Seine
These fan-made Peter Capaldi Doctor Who credits are astounding
Are you a cyberpunk? This early 1990s poster explains it all to you.
Did studio meddling cause all the problems with Star Trek: Enterprise?
It's a truck with a jet engine going 210 mph!
Will Jonathan Nolan deepen Person of Interest's themes in Westworld?
When carousel rides were for adults trying to get a little risqué
Meet DC Nation's Metal Men! Plus a glimpse of the Lego Yoda Special!
Zack Snyder explains why he wanted mass deaths in Man of Steel
The Luxurious Afterlives of Abandoned Sea Forts and Oil Rigs
The creator of Vader and Son takes us to the Jedi Academy
The line between fiction and fic has never been blurrier
Discover the Ladder Paradox, relativity's greatest thought experiment
Which character has the most tragic backstory of all time?
Queen's Brian May releases a hit song to save the badgers
Could Mr. Nobody be the philosophical epic we've been waiting for?
Why yes, the Eagles are “the God from the Machine.”
The android who inspires us
This 90-second video is better than any Transfomers movie will ever be
Pixar replaces Good Dinosaur director with no one, yet
Why honey is the only food that doesn't go bad
Why Stardust deserves to become a movie classic
The 12 Most Pointless X-Men
Spider from 'The Giant Spider Invasion' stolen & sold for scrap
In this intense short, a ballerina dances in shoes made of knives
The Essential Guide to September's Best Science Fiction and Fantasy
Watch the insane documentary for the bafflingly dangerous Action Park
ZOMG BABY CARACAL!!!
How Robert Wood's creepy invention helped the Allies win World War I
A new age of science-fantasy RPGs dawns with Numenera
Riddick romances Starbuck, kills a dude and saves a puppy in new clips
Loki reveals why Thor: The Dark World is a secret Avengers sequel!
You could live in this NYC apartment that looks like a 1960s spaceship
Why an Oklahoman restaurant has a monument to the dark god Azathoth
NBC is basing a show on the movie Outbreak
Is there anything cooler than a car with a giant propeller?
A new director attempts to climb J.G. Ballard's High-Rise
Enormous canyon discovered lurking beneath Greenland's ice sheet
What's the worst misunderstanding of computers in pop culture?
World's Most Frustrating Puzzle Has No Edges and 5 Extra Pieces
These Conversations Remind Me Why I Love The Ninja Turtles
Asimov's 2014 Predictions Were Shockingly Conservative For 1964
How Einstein's theory of relativity makes you smaller
Biggest Box Office Hits and Misses of Summer 2013
An alternate history of Michael Jackson and the black space age
Everything You Need to Know About Robotech
Why is ebola deadlier than other viruses?
We now have brain-to-brain interfaces that work between two humans
Why the Star Trek Into Darkness Blu-ray is going to rip you off
9 Scientific Breakthroughs That Killed Science Fiction Subgenres
Akira concept art shows how Hollywood Americanizes an anime classic
These fan-made Sailor Moon redesigns are so good they should be real
Fantasy authors Erin M. Evans and Troy Denning talk The Sundering
A Robot That Climbs Walls to Paint Graffiti on Them
Finally! A video that explains what the hell Divergent is about
An epidemic virus similar to measles is killing hundreds of dolphins
The Khaleesi and Zoidberg turn me evil
This '80s Dungeons & Dragons commercial makes it look satanic and lame
Matt Damon has a top-secret role in Christopher Nolan's Interstellar!
This is a temporary tower made entirely of water
Star Drunk is the drunkest science fiction movie you'll ever watch
Read the screenplay for the scrapped 2002 Batman Vs. Superman movie
Inspiring and Intense Soviet Space Propaganda Posters
We can't stop watching this Mark Hamill "Joker And Harley Quinn" Vine
Which character had the most baffling personality shift?
Charles Stross' Neptune's Brood is the perfect book for our times
I have experienced the Doctor Who... Experience
Sigourney Weaver reunites with Ridley Scott for a Biblical fantasy
The Ultimate Guide to Science Fiction and Fantasy Porn Parodies [NSFW]
The Beautiful Klingon Designs JJ Abrams Rejected for Star Trek 2
The 11 Most Evil Villains in Anime
Well, the new Carrie trailer just showed off the whole damn movie
All the Details that Prove Ender's Game is a Unique Space Adventure
The Dinobots are going to star in Transformers 4 (probably)
What's being done about all those damn feral cats?
An imaginary city that changed the twentieth century
Could the Governor be leaving The Walking Dead for another show?
Who Would Be in a Modern League of Extraordinary Gentlemen?
How to make glowing Jell-O
Now you can fucking love science on YouTube!
Space Pirate Captain Harlock does not want you to pirate his movie
Harry Potter fashion line sexes up Hogwarts with lycra
We might have already met the Ultron in the Avengers sequel!
Chinese Army claims Pacific Rim is American propaganda
Zombie Torso Baby Costume Will Feast on Lame Pumpkin Baby Outfits
io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about The Shambling Guide
This Terrifying Raptor Chase Is the Most Traumatic Prank of All Time
Five Reasons to Love Science Fiction Romance
Meet the Actors Inside Classic Full-Body Costumes
At last, the true inheritor of the Red Dawn franchise has arrived
Who's the most awesome villain of all time?
Giant-Robot Call of Duty Still Looking Like The Coolest Call of Duty
Open the final door to IDW's Locke & Key series in This Week’s Comics!
Continuum's Simon Barry answers our deepest time-travel questions
Watch the first new Riddick clip in 9 years
Behold Michael Rooker as a blue alien in  Guardians of the Galaxy
Detached octopus arms show awareness, react to danger
This hawk only attacks postal workers
Is the Moon a planet?
Pulp action game Fortune and Glory brings out your inner Indiana Jones
The best social science book title ever
11 Great SHIELD Storylines That Joss Whedon's Show Should Steal From
This fake Batman/Superman trailer is so great even Batfleck looks good
Dance, Magic Dance: A Treasury of Awesome Labyrinth Fan Art
Holy crap The Simpson's Springfield is alive and it is awesome
What really happened on the Revolutionary War's "Dark Day"
Nissan uses iconoclast Stormtroopers to shill their new car
It's Neil Gaiman's sexy wizard scene in the new Riverside audiobook!
Iron Man 3 deleted ending shows the badass Mandarin we could've had
Here's Rob Liefeld singing the Game of Thrones theme on the toilet
Brad Bird's retro science fiction epic Tomorrowland starts filming!
Nomad life is better when you've got a walking ship
Read the first chapter from Ramez Naam's new nanotech thriller, Crux
Simon Pegg explains the ending of The World's End
How to read a crop circle and kind of freak yourself out
People Who Live Inside Water Towers
Yet another lesson that should be banished from biology textbooks
Your chance to watch the other great modern Sherlock Holmes show
8 Unrealized Buildings That Could've Transformed American Cities
What scientific discovery has improved your life the most?
The Most Horrifying Doctor Who Cosplay We've Seen in Ages
I Spent My Summer Vacation in Outer Space
Why does live-action fantasy fail at the movies?
Syfy has ordered a pilot for that 12 Monkeys TV show
This is not why you are fat
Michonne makes a poor decision in the first Walking Dead season 4 clip
How surveillance technology helps us find lost civilizations
Must Watch: The CG Effects of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
The 15 Worst Batman/Superman Stories Ever Told
13th Age RPG delivers an incredible fantasy storytelling experience
This Week's TV: Dean Pelton takes you deep inside Game of Thrones!
That time in 1893 when a Japanese chemist invented crystal meth
How an 1836 Famine Altered the Genes of Children Born Decades Later
Meet the Wasp in these amazing Avengers movie animatics
The greatest mystery of the Inca Empire was its strange economy
How does a gemstone change color from red to green?
Bryan Cranston might actually be playing Lex Luthor... in ten movies?
The Town that was Shaped Like an Octopus
Free will is a dangerous thing to have in full Divergent trailer
A wolf howl is the ultimate sign of respect (if you're a wolf)
Why you don't ask five different math experts to split a check
"Walking" shark looks like it's waddling across the reefs
Venus tried to eclipse the sun. It's not its fault it didn't work.
The Most Extraordinary Monorail Designs Of The 20th Century
China Is Pretty Much the World's Biggest Little Mermaid Fan
Crowdfund a lens that turns your phone's camera into a microscope
Cheer up with a music video about space- and time-traveling cats
Cringe-inducing 3D scan of a woman's foot bones in high heels
How to watch the launch of NASA's next Lunar Mission
A mesmerizing ballet performed by dead insects and spiders
Six outfits considered for Matt Smith's Eleventh Doctor
Simpson's Paradox "proves" smoking is good for you
Dramatic paintings of gathering storm clouds
Why are there so many apostrophes in scifi and fantasy names?
Alternate Iron Man 3 ending shows Ben Kingsley's explosive death
What happened when a fictional character penned an autobiography
Concept animation of NASA's proposed Asteroid Redirect Mission
This abandoned underwater strip club is pristine on the inside
Archer's Dr. Krieger builds a clone army. It doesn't go well.
On Continuum, Kiera Doesn't Understand Time Travel So Everyone Suffers
Anna Gunn's Just Trying To Understand Why People Want To Kill Her
The Most Amazing Scifi Themed Ads of the 20th Century
How Pacific Rim Should Have Ended
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Monkey Lands on the Moon
There is actually a term for NSA agents spying on love interests
Listen to the toy pig music box that played as the Titanic sank
Gollum is the Wheel of Fortune in the Lord of the Rings Tarot
This may be the oldest globe in existence to depict the Americas
The Most Bizarre Spacecraft Landings Ever
An animated short about the school all Avatars of Death attend
Every Doctor Who-themed wedding should have a K-9 ring bearer
A superpowered poet meets a conspiracy during the Summer of Love
It's a cub! Watch the National Zoo's Giant Panda give birth
Satellite images show how factory farms alter our landscape
Doom Patrol hits DC Nation plus one step to a Unified Marvel Animated…
Last shift on Friday at the orbital habitat factory
My Weird Tale About a Man Who Wants to Fall Back in Love With His Wife
Here's what it's like to almost drown in space
This cheap technology could bring clean water to parched cities
Grandmaster of Science Fiction: Theodore Sturgeon
Scifi and Fantasy Weapons as Minimalist Posters
First Divergent teaser makes it look like dystopian fun
The coolest things we saw at Gen Con 2013
Teleportation just got easier – but not for you, unfortunately
Why the science behind the number 2.9013 completely sucks
Who's the most absurdly competent character in all fiction?
DC is moving the JLA to Canada and turned Lobo into a male model
This book does for Winnie the Pooh what The Magicians did for Narnia
The Most Ridiculous Animals That Superheroes Have Copied
Did humans control natural selection of other species?
Exclusive Excerpt from Francesca Lia Block's Post-Apocalyptic Odyssey
The Case for Geological Optimism
If you had it to do all over again... could you even manage to?
The 7 Most Common Misconceptions About Science Fiction Publishing
A quick science experiment shames soda drinkers and aliens
This Comprehensive Map Traces 463 of the Bible's Contradictions
An Interactive Timeline of Every Protest on the Earth Since 1979
The World's End: A Science Fiction Movie That's Also Pretty Funny
Chewbacca's Name in Japanese Sure Is Stupid
Astronomers Release Highest-Resolution Photos Ever Taken of Night Sky
The 50+ Greatest Tweets about Ben Affleck's casting as Batman
The newest Agents of SHIELD promo is just ridiculously Whedon-y
Research the grandfather paradox without murdering your grandfather
Giant mechanical mosquitoes will conquer nature!
How to use electricity to spin liquid into nanostring
These solar prominences were filmed by an amateur astronomer ON EARTH
The Hunger Games finale Mockingjay casts a Game of Thrones star!
Ben Affleck will play an older Batman fighting the young Superman
Iron Man becomes a guided missile, in stunning new concept art
Equipping microbes with protein chimera biosensors
The triumphant return of the most terrifying cereals of all time
A Medieval poison ring used for political murders
How Consciousness Works
Could Peter Capaldi really be the final face of Doctor Who?
These alien-looking ice sculptures formed all on their own
These captivating stories have 17 Hugos and Nebulas between them
The Religious Origins Of The @ Sign
Which book series went on WAY past its expiration date?
Archaeologists discover ancient spice in 6,000-year-old pot
Experience the number π as you never have before
Why isn't science doing something about goddamn spiders?
Sunrise over the Aleutian Islands, as seen from low-Earth Orbit
Here's why Joss Whedon doesn't like Empire Strikes Back
The Most Astonishing Real-Life Treasure Hunts
More environmentally friendly blue jeans, better biosensors...or both?
Quite Possibly the Only Victorian Adventuress You'll Ever Need
The 9 Worst Utopias Ever Created
Keeping it low tech...IN SPACE!
A computer that can read letters directly from your brain
MASSIVE Louisiana Sinkhole Devours Whole Trees in Seconds Flat
Cinderoncé: The Cinderella musical set entirely to Beyoncé music
I Would So Play This Fake Pacific Rim Video Game
Our exclusive interview with legendary fantasy artist Brom!
First Pompeii Trailer Spoiler Alert: Everybody Dies
Huge Russian Hovercraft Interrupts Beachgoers in Spectacular Fashion
The Periodic Table of Booze is science everybody (over 21) can use
DNA evidence can't tell identical twins apart in rape case
Futurama successfully makes me paranoid
Humanity waves at Saturn as Cassini snaps historic pic
Which Buffy episode is the spiritual predecessor of Agents of SHIELD?
Even dinosaurs love a good sunset
New research suggests women can make sperm, and men can make eggs
This brilliant robot horror short is becoming a full-length film
A dentist wants to clone John Lennon from his rotten tooth
And now, a stop motion short film about a magic beard
Win Tickets to IFLS Live! at the American Museum of Natural History
The Weirdest-Looking Time Machines in All Science Fiction
This is one of the scariest (and wrongest) pterosaur pictures ever
Quite possibly the best human vs. robot competition in history
Could a new Star Trek TV show about Worf actually happen?
Cyclopean sunglasses, blocky rolling pins and other improbable objects
What's your favorite (or least favorite) disaster porn?
How to Turn Cutting-Edge Science into a Page-Turning Thriller
How The World's End rejects 'drunken, misogynistic' manchild films
Germany is the first European country to recognize a third gender
Jon Snow is a half-naked sex volcano in the first Pompeii pic
10 Things You Didn't Know About Lying
Ethereal photos capture rare "red lightning" phenomenon
A Love Letter To Mass Effect 2's Normandy
Fright Night 2 is totally just Fright Night 1 with breasts
Maybe the most epic convocation speech delivered by anyone ever
Hot Jupiters are the most astounding planets in the galaxy
New TMNT cartoon stars underwear, butt-cannons and Lil' Casey Jones
The Mortal Instruments is like The Avengers of teen fantasy
NASA Captures  Footage of South Pole During Aurora, Makes a GIF
Would a Marvel/Star Wars crossover be the worst idea ever?
Isolated Peruvian tribe attempts to make contact, asks for food
Extraordinary sleuthing connects Rita Hayworth and the atom bomb
Space exploration goes awry in the beautiful scifi short "Beyond"
Watch as this comet plunges directly into the Sun
Found: Bryan Cranston’s High School Chemistry Club Yearbook Photo
Steven Moffat and Neil Gaiman preview Doctor Who's bold new era!
The io9 Preview: Everything That Will Rock Your Cosmos This Fall!
Sheer Brilliance: Star Wars' Emperor voiced by Mark Hamill's Joker
What if Pixar made the Pacific Rim sequel?
You Can Smoke Pot In GTA V, According to Ratings Board
In Memories with Maya, human sexuality gets an upgrade
The UFO that buzzed the ISS yesterday has been identified
Honest Trailers aims its phasers at Star Trek Into Darkness
The Only Kind of Sentence You Should Use in Your Fiction
Avril Lavigne is Tank Girl in the silliest music video of the week
Rogue planets can form without a parent star
The X-Men get Medieval on your ass, and the results are glorious
What's your favorite moment where a victim turns the tables?
Thor, Jane and Loki reveal new worlds in The Dark World featurette
This "futuristic gender exploration" is actually a dull anti-abortion…
This fall’s greatest comics will blow your mind
What exactly is a Blue Moon, anyway?
The Real Reason Why Grown-Ups Love Young-Adult Fantasy Books
What really causes that amazing "after the rain" smell?
How do "Citizen Scientists" stack up against the experts?
10 Influential Movies (Where Everybody Copied the Wrong Thing)
New high-res maps of Earth’s surprisingly inconsistent gravity field
Titanfall Delivers Another Trailer, and It Is Breathtaking
The gut-wrenching, organ-puréeing truth about the death care industry
Best look at the live-action Gatchaman's awesome superhero suits
This Ancient Egyptian Jewelry Came from Space
Take a breathtaking bird's-eye tour of Greenland and the Arctic
How to completely traumatize your child after watching Tron
The world's tallest Lego tower. Ever.
Why has a member of Game of Thrones' royal family been recast?
Goodbye True Blood Season 6, and thanks for the Vampire Dong!
This is what it looks like when a building implodes
Scientifically accurate Finding Nemo is a way more interesting movie
Read the zine that young Ray Bradbury started in 1939
The Trading Cards that Defined Star Trek for a Generation
Archaeologists discover an Assyrian sea wall from a legendary battle
Which character surprised you by dying and not coming back?
Astronomers discover an Earth-sized planet with an 8.5 hour year
Why it took forever to allow public input on naming planets
This week’s DVDs are simply full of boobs
The military seeks help in developing an artificial human brain
Incredible 20-Second Tetris Game Must Be Seen To Be Believed
This map reveals how natural disasters affect the internet
Why shouldn't Arrow cross over with the big-screen Justice League?
In the first trailer for How I Live Now, the Apocalypse is a turn-on
This Fall's Must-Read Science Fiction and Fantasy Books
Fox is starting its own Marvel cinematic universe with X-Men and FF
A guide to the ravenous hellbeast that is the carnivorous caterpillar
Can science really make us immortal?
The Queen from Aliens poses for her Mondo portrait
What could this baffling new trailer from J.J. Abrams possibly mean?
The First High-Altitude Experiment Was Centuries Ago at Versailles
10 Real Technologies That Look Insanely Futuristic
Iron Man battles his most obsessed fanboy in new IM3 deleted scene
First footage from Julia Ormond's Witches of East End series
This Week's TV: An A.I. Revolution, From the Writers of Stargate!
In Breaking Bad, allies are hard to come by
Lady Gaga's goose egg video for "Applause" turns her into a black swan
Where the hell are my goddamned adult Underoos?
Sansa Stark's actress adopted her real-life direwolf
For morning viewing: 3 timelapses of last week's Perseid meteor shower
This robot can jump 10 times its body length
Does an Amazing Spider-Man 2 photo tease Spidey's worst villain team?
Behold the Magellanic Stream that encircles the Milky Way
We are now accidentally making monkeys dumber
Why Being Human's finale was the perfect way to end the show
The incredible miniature vehicles used in The Dark Knight
Peggy Carter finds a mysterious vial in latest Agent Carter clip
What Breaking Bad's color palette tells us about its characters
If Clark Kent tried to get a  newspaper job today
Crowdfund Choose Your Own Adventure and bioluminescent lamps
Learn to braid your hair like the ladies of Game of Thrones
Wearable prostheses turn dancers into musical instruments
A Breakup Beautifully Animated as a Bittersweet Kung Fu Film
Timur Bekmambetov is making a movie about flesh-eating squirrels
The horrifying story of the last death by smallpox
Darth Heisenberg is in the Empire Business
New Images Suggest Event Horizon Could Have Been Awesome
Even Jack Kirby's comic book margin notes are a delight to read
7 Scifi Literary and Journalistic Hoaxes that Readers Believed
Fantastical Sculptures of Our Biomechanical Beastly Caretakers
Robot comedian does a standup routine and reacts to the audience
Haunting concept art from Oblivion
A Map of the Lands Actually Discovered by European Explorers
Meet Once Upon a Time's Little Mermaid
Steampunk Ghostbusters Cosplayers with a Dapper Marshmallow Man
Nuclear-Powered Vehicle Concepts from the Mid-20th Century
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Boy and His Robot vs. The Police
Phineas and Ferb's Next Mission: A Star Wars Crossover
Everybody's gone crazy on Continuum, and futureshock is to blame!
A street rat tries to save its lab rat love from a research robot
Mysterious Pokemon Image Might Be Teasing Something. But What? [UPDATE]
The Cast of Family Guy as Game of Thrones Characters
How Pacific Rim's kaiju parasites came to animatronic life
Surgeon stole heroin out of a drug smuggler's stomach
Two sisters must cope with an alien invasion—and each other
Watch DC Nation's ultra-cool Wonder Woman shorts online now
Best Waiter in All of Time and Space
Two Timelines of Slang for Genitalia, from 1250 Through Today
This Amazing Life-Sized Mass Effect Party Member Is Made of Paper
A wacky Disney/Marvel Crossover plus Metamorpho on Beware the Batman
The underground city has thrown open its doors to the surface
So apparently Voyager 1 left our solar system on July 27, 2012
Video reveals incredible "acrobat" and "hunter" birds in flight
Glowing, fiber optic corset is perfect for Katniss in the Capitol
This Italian 'Adolf Hitler wine' has infuriated just about everybody
This short about a princess with a badass sword is absolutely lovely
The jury is still out on whether this is science fiction or not
Newly-discovered mammal is 'mix of house cat and a teddy bear'
The very best storytelling games to light your imagination on fire
Tiny sea snail grows and hatches inside little boy's knee
Watch Val Kilmer morph into Mark Twain -- YIKES
Grant Morrison claims Alan Moore secretly killed the Joker in 1988
NASA says Kepler isn't quite dead yet
This creepy psychological technique will sabotage anyone's self-esteem
Doctor Who is finally validated with an official Mr. Potato Head toy
If you wear lipstick, you may be eating toxic metals
Friday Mixtape: The Catchiest Pop Songs about the Apocalypse
Now we know why butterflies evolved to have ears
Rare Dune art from Omni reveals Frank Herbert's original vision
Conan O'Brien bribes Harrison Ford for news on next Star Wars movie
How the Downs-Thomson Paradox will ruin your commute
Is Earth Really a Planet?
12 Incredibly Embarrassing Superhero Transformations
Incredible Footage Shows a Perseid Meteor Exploding
Surprise – Kick-Ass 2 is actually about the triumph of girl geeks!
Night of the Living Dead Remake Swaps Farmhouse for NYC
A brief history of physics, whimsically animated
Archaeologists Unearth Pieces from a 5,000 Year-Old Board Game
The U.S. government has finally confirmed the existence of Area 51
Medical procedures that have gone obsolete in your lifetime
Game of Thrones deleted scene stars Tywin Lannister, Sexy Fish Magnet
The crack team that invented the fireman's pole
The first video ever taken from Mars of one moon eclipsing the other
Hints and Updates About Avengers 2, TMNT and Jurassic Park 4!
Laurence Fishburne vs an army of post-apocalyptic cannibals. Who wins?
Marvel could kill everybody in the Ultimate universe except Spider-Man
Japan's Mysterious Underwater Circles Are Lovely
Just taking a null-gravity stroll in the city. Like you do.
Guillermo del Toro's sketches reveal his At the Mountains of Madness
Star Trek communicator puts your dog poop where no dog has gone before
Hunger Games-themed makeup line really sells the dystopian decadence
Astounding Spaceship Designs From Before The Space Age
Our favorite art of the day: tiny Deadpool flying on an eagle
George R.R. Martin explains why Forbidden Planet is his favorite movie
Do villains have to commit "taboo" acts for us to hate them?
Google DNS Is Down. Here's How to Fix Your Internet
This dinosaur's huge body didn't work the way we thought it did
No, India did not just grant dolphins the status of humans
Disney's Bears trailer puts teeny tiny baby bear feet in your face
Are we in a "Gutenberg moment" with science writing online?
The Ultimate Guide to this Fall's Science Fiction and Fantasy TV!
Vin Diesel's next film is about saving Mexican gold from orcs?
Fear and Loathing in the Mobile Entertainment Industry
Scientists teleport information in an electronic circuit
How a "cloaking device" led to an amazingly powerful new microscope
Yep, that redesign is back on the io9 front page
First official look at the robot of Japan's live-action Patlabor movie
Those classic Star Wars comics really did fill the gaps between movies
12 More Real Animals We Can’t Believe Aren't Pokémon
Hyperloop Could Totally Work. But Will It Ever Happen?
Important Campaign: HBO should show more dongs on TV
Why altitude sickness kills people
Star Trek spatula's 5-year mission: to explore strange new pancakes
Astronomers discover an insanely strong magnetic field
Vampire Academy trailer feels like maybe this movie could be good?
Futurama proves that I'm dead inside
New Game of Thrones FX reel reveals the magic of season 3
Chinese zoo tries to pass off a dog as a lion
Is J.J. Abrams taking complete control of the Star Wars universe?
The four types of people most likely to murder their families
This is why the ocean is full of dead zones
Why Female Soldiers Were Finally Added to Call of Duty's Multiplayer
One Science Fiction Author Who Does Everything You Want from the Genre
Robert Downey Jr. stars in quite possibly the year's most surreal ad
Self-Taught Make-up Artist Transforms Herself Into Iconic Characters
Strange and Gorgeous Houses Built on Rooftops
Microsoft is remaking Blake's 7 for the Xbox
The most insane transport systems that never happened
Here's how Shark Week wrecked shark science
Hayao Miyazaki's new movie finally has a trailer with subtitles
What's the most game-changing discovery that got swept under the rug?
Test how old your ears are with this hearing test
Here's the first real info on Bryan Fuller's new Syfy series High Moon
Dammit, Grasshopper, stop being so amazing already
7 Security Measures That Were Doomed From The Start
An 18th century frigate does battle... in orbit around Mercury!
Mutant Hunter Q&A with Michael Whelan
That time the US Air Force tried to put a copper ring around the Earth
Fall Movie Guide: Our Forecast on 20 Science Fiction and Fantasy Films
Here's the ultimate science fiction size comparison chart
Breathtaking Concept Art of Elysium's Spaceship Hangar and Robot Deck
How Your Birth Order Can Influence Who You Are
Human test flights begin on extraordinary jetpack, on sale in 2015
Breakthrough: Scientists build a beating mouse heart with human tissue
How Is This 8-Bit Blade Runner Game Not Actually Real?
Discover the grade level of your current beach read
Why did the ‘80s turn so many of us into nerds?
These WWI aerial dogfight photos are incredible. Too bad they're fake.
Society crumbles as Google admits "Literally" now means "Figuratively"
Badger Unearths Medieval Graves in Germany
A beautiful global map, created with a spirograph
Could Hugh Jackman play Wolverine in four more X-Men films?
Under the Dome has become Lost, and guess what? I love it.
What if Disney Princesses had Instagram?
Here's what Elysium did wrong -- and what it did right
The Retro-Futuristic Spectacle of Military Parades in North Korea
Marvel turns it up to Infinity in This Week’s Comics
Exclusive premiere of Alex Pardee's smashing The World's End poster
What movie have you watched 1,000 times, and will never stop?
Ranking the World’s Most Influential Thinkers
The cast of Kick-Ass 2 explain their new powers, cuss us out
This noctilucent cloud video is the perfect vacation for your brain
Learn to fight the Shatner way with Captain Kirk's Top 10 Fight Moves
A new scientific explanation for near-death experiences
A straw that will prevent you from ever being roofied
Here's the first synopsis for Chris Nolan's new flick Interstellar
First Iron Man 3 Deleted Scene Shows the Mandarin on the Job
The Incredibly Violent History of Earth's Moon
In case of apocalypse, here's how to make penicillin in your kitchen
io9 Book Club reminder: On 8/27 we discuss The Shambling Guide to NYC
The complete history of the world — up to 1930 — in one glorious chart
9 Questions We Have About the Wool Trilogy’s Epic Finale, Dust
Google Maps Has An Incredible Doctor Who Easter Egg
Skyrim: Still as breathtaking as the very first time...
The Secret U.S. Government Program to Hook Spy Photos From Space
Early Humans May Have Ripped Off Neanderthal Technology
How to walk on water
Someone's making Big Wheels for adults. Everything is awesome now.
This timelapse-supercut of European landmarks will leave you speechless
Chinese doctor builds illegal rock villa atop Beijing apartment tower
Reports of Emperor Palpatine's death may have been exaggerated...
What the hell is going on with True Blood?
The video that revealed the black hole at the center of our galaxy
The Greatest Star Trek Cosplay of the Year
Time-Traveling Photographs Reveal History in the Present
Max Landis: You might not have liked my Chronicle sequel idea
The orbits of all potentially hazardous asteroids in one map
Could you really have a space colony like the one in Elysium?
What's the most epic friendship in all of science fiction and fantasy?
Here's what to expect from Elon Musk's Hyperloop super train
Screw Indiana Jones, Adele Blanc-Sec is your kickass archaeologist now
OH MY GOD Bret McKenzie is making a Labyrinth style musical
The Moment When Science Fiction Split off From Competence Porn
Possibly the most epic science video you'll watch this week
Is there a link between the Higgs boson and dark energy?
These Avengers dildos are presumably Earth's Mightiest Vibrators
This is why you aren't sleeping right
SETI pioneer John Billingham has passed away
Explore the ocean floor via live cam, in high definition, RIGHT NOW
Watch a short film about the Machine of Death that predicts your end
Predict the weather the way Darwin did on The Beagle
10 Completely Ridiculous Ways the World Has Ended
The Star Trek saga from last night's Breaking Bad, in animated form
The best of D23: Singing "Let's Go Fly A Kite" with Richard Sherman
This Week's TV: How well does the science of Breaking Bad hold up?
Dozens of dead and disoriented birds ‘fall like rain’ over Winnipeg
Cowboy Bebop is finally coming to Blu-ray in North America
Minimalist Periodic Table Brings Simplicity to the Elements
Finding Nemo 2 was changed thanks to the Blackfish documentary
Glenn Close and Vin Diesel's Guardians of the Galaxy roles[Correction]
Not cool: when a tick latches onto your penis and you have sex anyway
These abandoned sea forts have been turned into luxury hotels
Could Christian Bale return as Batman after all? (Or Orlando Bloom!?)
The strange Cone Nebula points to a gorgeous cosmic vista
A potential new malaria vaccine puts weakened parasites into the body
In a gorgeous flooded city, a scavenger discovers that he isn't alone
Scandinavian Swimmers Warned About Testicle-Attacking Monster Fish
Being Human's penultimate episode goes from slow burn to all-out war
Robbers used special effects masks to disguise themselves as white
These Abandoned Tanks Are Rusting Mementoes of the Wars of the Past
Channing Tatum's Bizarre New Look in the Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending
Is Continuum juggling too many plots for its own good?
Crowdfund WWI photographs and a better platform for FOIA requests
Hyperloop: Everything We Think We Know About the Future of Transit
Listen to the Breaking Bad theme song played on meth lab equipment
Oh, Canada: The CBC Wanted to Dub Over the 9th Doctor's Voice
Aliens are on the run on Guardians of the Galaxy's London set
What it's like to be a bartender in Antarctica
Is this the most gut-wrenching Ninja Turtles fan art ever made?
Everything you know is wrong: Oranges aren’t orange.
The Grumpy Catbus was helpful once. It was awful.
District 9 animator spins a short about a man and his father's robot
Could this gloomy song really inspire a person to commit suicide?
Mark Millar and Todd McFarlane: Ladies, Comics Aren't For You
Go to space for $2,000 and never ever get back
This is a picture of a shark eating another shark. That is all.
How To Train Your Bagman and Other Imaginary Kiddie Noir Films
First blurry image of Hobbit's Beorn in human form shows his wild hair
How Twitter has changed the way that television is made
Disney Princesses as Avatar characters!
This robot's facial expressions are being controlled by slime mold
First footage reactions for Maleficent and Tomorrowland from D23
The Amazing, Colorful Flip Card Propaganda Mosaics of North Korea
First 'Internationally Recognized' Athlete Visa Awarded to Pro Gamer
Johnny Depp will seduce a 10-year-old girl in Disney's Into the Woods
Visit a real-life Island of Dr. Moreau...in Pittsburgh
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Laundromat of Horrors
A Map of the World, with Each Name Listed in that Country's Language
These spiky runway dresses are created from iron filings and magnets
A girl enacts her own rescue by psychically controlling her boyfriend
In Which I Recap 50 Years Of Doctor Who Like I Was Doctor Seuss
Pokémayans: Pokémon Redesigned as Mayan Monsters
Percy Jackson 2 director draws comics about the making of the film
Zardoz director John Boorman almost made a Lord of the Rings movie
For three 12-year-old ghost hunters, family can be scarier than ghosts
What happens when machines filter your world
How a pair of torpedos led to the worst shark attack in history
The History of Doctor Who  as a Tube Map, with a Line for Each Doctor
Cartoon Reality Show Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H. hits your TV
Artist invents his own killer Game of Thrones characters
Behold San Fransokyo from Disney's first animated Marvel movie
Watch this absolutely gorgeous animated Warcraft webseries
Deep and Wide: Stunning Amateur View of the Lagoon and Trifid Nebulae
Weird Facts You Never Knew About H.G. Wells' Movie, Things to Come
The Coolest and Weirdest Artworks That Are Visible from Space
New Computer Programming Language Imitates The Human Brain
Watch this truck explode an astounding 39 times
Which TV show went down the tubes...and then got better again?
Scientists say it's possible to blow up the Sun. On purpose.
Take a look at the killer RPG action coming in Gygax Magazine #2
The Disney Characters You Never Saw
Apocalypse nears as CBS orders a Wizard of Oz-themed medical drama
BRB, a baby panda with its hands up just slayed us with cuteness
Train yourself to see impossible colors
Would you drink hornet spit if it helped you win a race?
Why can't Einstein and Quantum Mechanics get along?
Legend of Korra checks up on Team Avatar before the season 2 premiere
Pixar's Good Dinosaur is an alt-history where the asteroid never hit
Concept art shows Percy Jackson's cyclops could have been way nastier
Get The Entire Knight Rider Series On DVD For 56% Off Today Only
The year's best meteor shower peaks this weekend - here's how to watch
Man who was shot in the stomach became the first human guinea pig
An Epic Assortment of Animal Superpowers
Crispin Glover reveals why he was replaced in Back To The Future 2
7 Dystopian Technologies That Would Never Exist in Real Life
Extraordinary Carving Discovered Inside Ancient Maya Pyramid
Neill Blomkamp's Elysium is Crazy Sweaty Fun
Hypnotic layered photographs depict time like the dimension that it is
See the alien ladies who nearly joined Kirk's threesome in Star Trek 2
Why There Should Never, Ever Be a He-Man Movie
These photos of Shanghai's cityscape were taken just 26 years apart
Watch Vincent Van Gogh's art come to life thanks to 3D animation
You were born with an accent
An elaborate 12-course meal squeezed into one can
This incredible intergalactic game is a sci-fi fan dream
Mystery particle could revolutionize personal electronics
Could Phil Coulson die again in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
Some of the Nicest Vintage Science Fiction Covers We've Seen in Ages
This Avatar-themed aquarium somehow includes underwater waterfalls
Tarsem Singh's next movie sounds insane, in a good way
How do you charm a worm?
Full trailer for Masters of Sex shows the long, hard road of sexology
Breathtaking and Horrifying Images of Nature's Destructive Power
Watch researchers remove a sea lion's  head from this shark's stomach
Making of The Private Eye
What's the most obviously fake bluff or ruse of all time?
Looks Like Pokemon Is Getting A New Type of Evolution
This short time travel movie packs insane visuals, and a clever twist
The Sun's polarity is about to flip (and here's what that means)
One Reason I Love Doctor Who
The Most Overused Animal Stereotypes in Pop Culture
All That We Know About Musk's Hyperloop: The Infographic
How Back to the Future II's "old" make-up compares to actual aging
Wanna buy a medieval castle? Now's your chance.
How Upvote/Downvote Sites like Reddit Breed Irrational Herd Behavior
This furry Jurassic-era creature was not our ancestor
John Carmack Has New 'Full-Time' VR Job, But Is Not Quite Gone From id
Designing Elysium: All The Secrets of Neill Blomkamp's Stark Future
If you don't like Bee and PuppyCat,  you are dead inside
Omni Magazine is coming back to life!
First look at the most exciting new manga project of 2013
Meet the wildly different heroes of Dark Horse's The Star Wars comic
The 11 Most Important Political Science Fiction Movies
How to use fat to make yourself into a submarine
These are grapes. Yes, really.
What if the Scooby Gang took over for Rick in The Walking Dead?
Bryan Cranston may possibly be up for Lex Luthor in Batman/Superman
This polar bear starved to death thanks to global warming
The Blade Runner sequel will not include Sean Young at its own peril
Astronomers Discover a Pink Planet Around a Sun-like Star
Hollywood wants to give The Exorcist its own TV series
This is the American National Park (Subway) System
Futurama shows us the softer side of Mom
Audi designed this badass concept car for Ender's Game
Could one of Zack Snyder's Watchmen stars play Batman?
This Flying Teacup saga looks like Troy and Abed's new favorite movie
This alternate Walking Dead season 3 finale was too traumatic to use
The Weirdest Animal Movie (and TV) Stars of All Time
Where Stars Get Born in the Galaxy Next Door
The Hiroshima Bombing, Visualized
Watch sprite lightning flash at 10,000 frames per second
This Lego-fied version of the Adventure Time opening is beyond awesome
If DC and Marvel traded places, what movies would DC be making now?
Meryl Streep could be joining Jeff Bridges in The Giver
The Insidious Trick That Helps Spiders Surprise Their Prey
The Best Craigslist Missed Connection Ad of All Time
Dolphins can remember their friends better than most humans
I pretty much guarantee you've never read a superhero story like this
Microscopic View of Bloodsucking Mosquito Will Basically Ruin Your Day
Riddick director explains how the Necromonger King gets dethroned
Does Marvel really have its movies planned out through 2021?
What's the best umbrella term for both humans and intelligent aliens?
Why Freud Still Matters, When He Was Wrong About Almost Everything
American Horror Story continues its streak of SERIOUSLY WTF
Behold, the Clearest Photo of a Sunspot Ever Taken
20 Science Fiction Moments That Will Make Absolutely Anyone Cry
Is Disney's Space Mountain comic a primer for their next franchise?
Joaquin Phoenix falls in love with his computer in the new movie Her
Percy Jackson 2 could make you stop believing in the Hero's Journey
Milk & Cheese creator takes on the Metal Men in a new DC Nation short
A unified theory to explain the casting of every new Doctor Who
Researchers make alcohol from coffee, change everything
Why does a rabbit flash its white tail when its being chased?
New Thor: The Dark World trailer shows off its Game Of Thrones look
Ranking the world's best (and worst) scientific institutions
Loki won't be in Age of Ultron, but what about Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
Check out the Doctor Who Fan Art Created by Teenage Peter Capaldi!
New game creates a hive mind out of Google Glass users
Amazon has added Kurt Vonnegut to its "official" fan fiction program
This mysterious brain-eating amoeba is the stuff of nightmares
The Most Colorful Houses Engulfed in Vegetation
Actor didn't love Percy Jackson 2's "Some Like it Cyclops" scenes
Alan Moore's lost ‘80s project resurfaces in This Week’s Comics
This computer took 40 minutes to simulate one second of brain activity
Damon Lindelof is tired of movie disaster porn
What's the most pointless rivalry or schism in all of fandom?
How Close Are We to Elysium-Style Exosuits?
The first Muppets 2 teaser trailer is all about sequel-itis
Elysium's Matt Damon on the joys of gluing gadgets to your skull
The Most Fourth Wall-Breaking Moments in Television History
A Futurama/Adventure Time crossover is real and is happening
Neil Gaiman says a black actor was offered Doctor Who but said no
Fifteen-ton "fatberg" removed from London sewer
James Garfield Was the Only U.S. President to Prove a Math Theorem
My Perfect Video Game
Lightspeed Presents: "The Knight of Chains, the Deuce of Stars" by Yoon…
Telepathy suspected in four deaths in Turkey
11 Sidekicks Who Are Indisputably Better Than Their Heroes
The greatest movie t-shirts ever supercut into one fantastic video
Author Nathaniel Rich is here answering your questions, 12-1 PT today!
Ender's Game trailer shows the epic space war our children will fight
Patients suffering from locked-in syndrome can speak with their pupils
NASA teams up with Mattel to create Mars Explorer Barbie
Harvey Weinstein thinks you're too stupid for Snowpiercer
Chelyabinsk Meteor May Be Part of Larger Pack Threatening Earth
Massive 15-million-year-old skull found on the Potomac River
Watch True Blood's girl fight that will live in our hearts forever
'Happy Birthday' Performed on Another Planet for the Very First Time
Has a surprising frontrunner emerged to direct Star Trek 3?
If Sam Rockwell joins the Poltergeist reboot, we may stop hating it
The Brave Bear and the Mysterious Frozen Globes
Why Is This $500,000 Electric Car Collecting Dust In Rolla, Missouri?
What the hell is this massive pentagram doing in Kazakhstan?
RoboCop and Catwoman are trashing the city in the Krrish 3 trailer
You won't believe how tiny the world's smallest Mona Lisa is
Finally, details about the new Sailor Moon anime emerge
Sentient, bipedal horse-people stalk the earth in This Week’s DVDs
It's official! The world's first lab-grown burger is "not unpleasant!"
What's the best system of magic in any fantasy world?
Zoos: Ethical Pros and Cons?
Karl Urban really wants Star Trek 3 to be a brand new original story
The Happiest Places in America
Is this the profanity-filled future of Doctor Who?
The Game of Thrones '80s/90s theme party continues in this awesome art
Stunning concept art reveals NASA's 1970s vision for humanity in space
Dreamy scarves with NASA spaceporn printed directly on them
First set pics of Tomorrowland bring back the world of yesterday
What we know now about cholesterol that we didn't 10 years ago
Falling Skies is a graduate seminar in why science fiction fails on TV
Costa Rica to close all government-funded zoos
12 Movies and TV Shows That Commit Crimes Against Neuroscience
ABC is definitely talking to Lucasfilm about a Star Wars TV show
Did an apple really fall onto Isaac Newton's head?
Japanese Mecha Cop Hints at a Glorious Movie Future
This Week's TV: The Marvel Superhero Team-Up You Never Saw Coming!
This toilet is a cyber-crime waiting to happen
This is what it looks like to leave Earth
Does The Phantom Menace have better worldbuilding than A New Hope?
Shaun of the Dead interactive screenplay reveals on-set secrets
The tiniest, most adorable Firefly cosplayer is a little damn hero
Who is "Jeff the Killer"? And is his picture haunted by a real death?
German boy finds a mummy in his grandmother's attic
Which big stars are in the running to play Batman in Man of Steel 2?
Being Human takes us on the worst vampire-ghost date of all time
Behold the terrifyingly named Clownface Nebula
If teenage birds can't make friends, their love life is screwed
The Computer Animated Legend of Zelda Movie That Never Was
Tour Baikonur, the world's first and largest operational spaceport
Game of Thrones and Hanna writers are working on a Merlin project
Crowdfund an Afrofuturism anthology and the ultimate convention guide
Meet the new Doctor Who Time Lord: Peter Capaldi!
What lessons could public schools take from South Korean cram schools?
A 1944 Electromagnetic Radiation Poster Makes Learning Retro Chic
Patton Oswalt's Star Wars filibuster from Parks & Rec gets animated
Star Trek is much sillier when voiced by the cast of Archer
What happened the night Niagara Falls stopped flowing
Wreck-It Ralph's Vanellope gets a sugary superhero makeover
Two balloon animals dance a deadly tango through a field of cacti
Feminist Yog-Sothoth will drive you insane after getting your consent
7 Real Natural Events that Inspired Works of Science Fiction
The Japanese have launched a talking robot into space
What if aliens mistook cars for the dominant life form on Earth?
The Legendary Hollywood Stunt Doubles Who Make Movies More Exciting
What would happen if you were swallowed by a whale?
Is Continuum really the story of two brothers who take dark paths?
Curiosity captures both Martian moons in a single photograph
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Graveyard of the Giant Robot
What it's like to be a guest of honor at Comic-Con (Hint: Awesome)
How do you make an abandoned asylum even creepier? Add eerie shadows
Download 151 science fiction and fantasy stories from Tor for free!
The io9 Calendar: Your Ultimate Guide to August's Science Fiction!
Chew's psychic cannibal FDA agent could be headed for television
These hermit crabs carry 3D-printed cityscapes on their backs
A flying boat could forever change a planet entirely covered by water
A boy's evil action figures get their just deserts in this short film
Frank Miller may be consulting on Batman vs. Superman
Stan Lee co-stars on Ultimate Spider-Man
A good day to die
Your orbital city is ready
This is your new robot overlord
Composite picture of every Superman (unsurprisingly) has a sick chin
The Insanely High-Concept TV Show That Launched a Bidding War
An Illustrated History of the Hovercraft
Watch this adorable 3-week-old elephant play in an inflatable pool
Perfect for the weekend: a mantis shrimp snuff film
S.H.I.E.L.D. promos spread around a lot of Agent Coulson goodness
Is America becoming the new Russia?
This new molecule could be guided through your body with a magnet
What's the greatest huge crossover story of all time?
Fuck, Marry, Kill: Mythical Creatures Edition
The first female physician, and the thousand-year campaign against her
This Is a Heat Map of  a Single, Living Cell
Today for gibbering chaos lunch, eat some Cthulhu pie!
Smurfs 2: The Last Seduction of Smurfette
Two Astounding New  EverQuest Games Are Coming. Full Details.
Snowpiercer is the biggest hit movie in Korean history
Placebo buttons do absolutely nothing, and they are everywhere
The Science of Mummies
Why did they mock Robert Goddard's dream of space flight?
Teacher Takes Student's Phone, Sets Passcode as Math Problem Answer
Rumor: Warner Bros. wants an old Bruce Wayne for Batman Vs. Superman
7 Deadly Sins of Worldbuilding
Scientists explore the ocean floor with half-crab-half-car behemoth
Europa Report is a space opera that gets it right
Akira movie lives on, despite everyone trying to kill it
For the Weekend: How to Bake a Planetary Structural Layer Cake
Müllerian mimicry helps prey train their predators
Spectacular winning images from Nat Geo's 2013 travel photo contest
Did Newton get Newton's rings wrong?
Warwick Davis & Carrie Fisher Reenact Their Return of the Jedi Intro
Could We Move The Sun?
When the Universe expands do we expand with it?
Is Peter Parker the only hero in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
This court ruling could wreck the future of realistic science fiction
Behold the city of Los Angeles as it could have been
A map showing where violence is most likely to break out in the future
Robocop steals your fried chicken in this weird ad from Korea
Scientific Proof that Having Money Makes People More Evil?
These Are the Floating Airports of Our Dreams
James Cameron promises a new Avatar movie every year, starting in 2016
High-res SHIELD photos include first your glimpse of a Firefly cameo
Space Suit X-Ray is Coil-Tastic
I am so sick of people telling me I should see this movie!
35-foot-tall straw Dalek terrorizes British countryside
Newly declassified docs reveal Queen's secret 1983 nuclear war speech
All the Science Fiction and Fantasy Books You Can't Miss in August!
Curiosity Rover's first year on Mars, distilled down to two minutes
Bizarre study shows that advertising improves effectiveness of drugs
Hangovers make you more than sick — they also make you stupid and slow
Dead Ostrich Quadcopter set to "I Believe I can Fly" will make you cry
Kazu Kibuishi's Awesome Challenge: Creating New Harry Potter Covers
Astronomer Maria Mitchell gets a Google doodle for her 195th birthday
The Quantum Zeno Effect actually does stop the world
10 Paranoid Science Fiction Stories That Could Help You Survive
Control the epic sweep of history in the fascinating new RPG Red Aegis
Plastic Surgeon Will Burn a Better Fortune onto Your Palm
Yes, The FBI Is Tracking American Google Searches
Marine biologists call this borg-like organism the unicorn of the sea
Abandoned Canadian Ghost Town to be Revived by Entrepreneur
The setting Sun is one big optical illusion
Human teleportation is far more impractical than we thought
Sinister director grabs Drew Magary's Postmortal for the big screen
We join Bender, and his ass, on a sentimental journey
Superman and Batman discuss their upcoming film over a cup of coffee
Wait... could Star Wars: Episode VII start filming this month!?
A silk brain implant that treats epilepsy then melts away
Two new indie horror trailers that will curdle your soul
Watch this German village get trounced by a freak hail storm
Today in nightmare fuel: fleshy geometric heads get glitchy
Volcanoes can "recharge" with new magma just days after an eruption
We can't believe there's a Hobbit deleted scene! But here it is.
Incredible Soviet Rip-offs of Western Technologies
This Intense Real-Life F-35 Picture Looks Like an Iron Man Frame
'Teenage Exorcists' Explain the Dangers of Sexually Transmitted Demons
Hilarious new About Time trailer explains the rules of time travel
Amazing Venom short banishes our horrible memories of Spider-Man 3
Warlow explains how his sex powers will change True Blood
In the latest Temeraire novel, only Chinese dragons can save Europe
What's the most contrived twist ending in a science fiction story?
Honest Trailers takes on its easiest, greatest target: Batman & Robin
Four Years of Amazing Japanese Science Fiction
A 100-year-old discovery can pull electricity from dirty water
The largest photo ever taken of Tokyo is zoomable, and it is glorious
The Problem of Premature Nerdgasms
Inca Children Were Drunk And Stoned Before Ritual Sacrifice
Meet the potential characters of Duncan Jones' Warcraft movie
Watch the trailer for Splice director Vincenzo Natali's Haunter
The 12 Least Threatening Dragons of All Time
This amazing Labyrinth  fan-created backstory just BLEW OUR MINDS
Does infinity really exist?
Stephen King once wrote that "perfect paranoia is perfect awareness"
She survived future wars, but can she survive her own fancy brothel?
Computer chips in your mouth will know what you're saying
The Great 1952 Space Program That Almost Was
Why history has forgotten the man who discovered protons and electrons
What do supernovae and salad dressing have in common?
The chemistry of the corpse flower's wretched stench
Who won Comic-Con, Superman/Batman or Avengers 2: Age of Ultron?
Pacific Rim recut as a classic Godzilla movie is just the best
Is a superhero dressed in a burka sending the wrong message?
An enchanting new photo of the Andromeda Galaxy
NASA spots a massive hole near the Sun's north pole
Just how does Cobie Smulders' Agent Maria Hill fit into S.H.I.E.L.D.?
The Multiverse's Cutest Version of Galactus, Eater of Worlds
This clip will make you desperately want a Lois Lane TV show
Is Under the Dome ever going get beyond its hateful characters?
With this device, you can control a rat using the power of your mind
What science fiction author best describes the world we live in now?
A Single Trailer to Rule All Your Heroic Movie Dreams
InfoGif compares ages of the Abrams cast to the Star Trek originals
Read the story that made Grant Morrison a star in This Week's Comics
These Are the Narrowest Houses in the World
A Van de Graaff generator can snuff out a candle with "electric wind"
These guys want you to crowdfund their space railroad
Is Hollywood's glut of big-budget blockbusters doomed to failure?
Go check out this Q&A session on the Mars Curiosity Rover right now!
4 Elysium clips  show off Neill Blomkamp’s filthy future world
A Dark, Brilliant Short Film… Starring Pee Wee Herman
Jamie Foxx wants to star in a Spawn movie for some reason
How did monogamy evolve?
New X-Men viral offers the best look at the new Sentinels yet
The Civil War that Tore Westeros in Half, Long Before King Joffrey
io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about Odds Against Tomorrow.
Manning Found Not Guilty Of Aiding The Enemy
The CW gives The Flash his own TV show, launched out of Arrow
Could Walter Mitty be the Eternal Sunshine fix we've been waiting for?
10 Tyrants Who Are a Better Choice Than the Rebels
Mark Waid's Thrillbent store lets you own the comics you buy online
See the magazine cover that Doctor Who was denied in 1963
Scientists grow teeth from human urine because why the hell not
The Wolverine: The Spoiler FAQ
You're not going to believe how much this Frankenstein poster sold for
The Ten Greatest Space Achievements Nobody Knows About
Earth will turn into a Venus-like hell earlier than previously thought
The Supernatural spinoff will shoot out of the 9th season
The Earth breathes, and it is beautiful
The most infamously awful fanfic ever, “My Immortal,” has a web series
NASA photo, meant to inspire, sparks useless government investigation
The best modern architecture in cinema history
If this mushroom were a Smurf home it would be an apartment complex
Does an Avengers 2 casting call reveal the origins of Ultron?
True Blood teaches us how to have Dirty Dancing vampire sex!
Can Falling Skies be saved?
Last train to Tractus Fossae is leaving in 23 standard minutes
Eureka's Colin Ferguson: It's the "End of an Era" at Syfy
Meet the new generation of pirates, or "maritime non-state actors"
Disney wants to turn Artemis Fowl into the new Harry Potter
Throng of Theremin Players Performs Beethoven's Ninth Symphony
Step Into a Twin Peaks Nightmare at These Damn Fine Restaurants
See the hard science fiction movie Europa Report on the big screen
How neuroscience helped to rescue Romanian orphans
Must Read: Arthur C. Clarke puts the smackdown on A.I. skeptics
This surrealist film treats urban landscapes like a Rubik's Cube
Which reformed villain do you wish would turn evil again?
G.I.Joe 2 says knowing this week’s DVD releases is half the battle
Help Wanted: Full Time Community Editor
Gary Shteyngart tries Google Glasses, and the results are Super Sad
Jon Snow's Harsh Choice: "Play the game, or die like Ned Stark"
The most important thing you'll read today is an article about oranges
This futuristic-looking mass transit system is really happening
Gay marriage in the year 100 AD
First look at pissed-off, magical Julia Ormond in Witches of East End
First look at Syfy's not completely awful cosplay reality show
Watch these bears use a tree as a back scratching pole
What shape is the Universe?
Why hyperventilating people breathe into paper bags (but shouldn't)
Japan is making so many terrible Evangelion underpants, you guys
The Elements a Fables Movie Must Have, According to Mark Buckingham
8 Things We Simply Don't Understand About the Human Brain
Brilliance is an alternate history of non-neurotypicals in America
We call SHENANIGANS on the Insidious 2 trailer
This Week's TV: The Worst Thing Ever to Come Out of The Hunger Games!
Watch Patrick Stewart's unprofessionalism in Star Trek: TNG bloopers
When did “The United States” become a singular noun?
One-Minute Horror Movie will make you jump
Director Jon M. Chu really, really wants to make that He-Man movie
A life-sized Cylon made out of wood
Game of Thrones set reports reveal two unlikely alliances!
Being Human explains why you don't bring home motivational werewolves
Cosmic “snow lines” reveal a solar system's earliest days
Dolphins give each other their own special “names”
The Strangest Installations and Art Projects on Earth
I Want This 3-Foot-Long Lego Space Shuttle So Badly
Crowdfund Cinefex on the iPad, zombie ants, and monster school kids
Photos of Mars have this weird knack for looking vaguely biological
Macrophotographs of ant warfare are downright epic
Here's what that “melting North Pole” really is
The King Who Peed Blue
Lab grown burger will be the most expensive ever served
Vacationing family finds exceedingly rare hexapus. Kills it. Eats it.
A documentary about Microsoft Paint that will make you cry
New views of Sun's atmosphere reveal structures unknown to science
“Do not bother me,” said the astronaut, “can't you see I'm busy?”
Check out the first art from the new Star Wars TV series, Rebels
Did you know that the Saturn V's fuel economy was 7 inches per gallon?
How internet hatred can destroy your soul and dreams
Starz still moving forward with “Halo meets Band of Brothers” show
Gang of feral cats attacks woman in France
A Game of Chairmen
Iconic Black and White Photographs, Colorized
Spider-Man Has the Best Superhero Instagram Picture. Of Course.
Is everything bad that happens on Continuum Alec's fault?
Read Steven Moffat's audition scripts for Doctor Who‘s Twelfth Doctor
Wolverine concept art shows Viper could have been way more porntastic
Google Chromecast Has a Clever Sci-Fi Easter Egg
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Nightmare with a Clipboard
Everything you never knew you wanted to know about octopus sex
Phantasmagoric body art from this year's World Bodypainting Festival
John Williams will officially score Star Wars: Episode VII
NASA's planet hunting spacecraft is unlikely to make a full recovery
Oh Man, Life-Size Holograms Could Be Coming to Your Living Room
This is the nerdiest collection of insults ever and it is the best
Stop what you're doing and watch the short film Post Human right now
Webcomic Bird Boy is filled with ancient weapons and gorgeous monsters
A tour of the Saturnian system that will leave you breathless
The Cthulhuphant: Great animal hybrid, or the greatest animal hybrid?
Disney's Star Wars purchase rears its head on Spider-Man
The old spaceship engine casing was the perfect place for a cat
Huge gender gap in opinions about drone strikes
One of the world's most popular SF novels finally coming in English
The Physics of Usain Bolt's World Record 100-meter Dash
Henry Cavill isn't sure if Lois and Superman can really be equals
What is going on with this terrifying ball of flies?
Brooding Photos Of the Deadly “London Fog”
NASA Scientist to Scour Kepler Data in Search of Alien Technologies
Kick-Ass 2 clips include a great Ferris Bueller's Day Off  spoof
When will Doug Jones' alien get a love interest on Falling Skies?
Robocop begins a Kickstarter for the bankrupt city of Detroit
What's the most believable alien in science fiction?
Yes, Flashpoint Paradox is setting up the DC animated New 52 universe
I can't stop watching this boiling mud
So it’s true! The full Moon does mess with our sleep.
Why [REDACTED] is the clone to watch out for in Orphan Black Season 2
Your cyborg octopus is almost ready
Shadowrun Returns Is The Start Of Endless Amazing Adventures
Yet another awful study on the connection between TV and crime
Steven Moffat promises closure on his Doctor Who storylines THIS YEAR
The written word is a foreign power, in Sofia Samatar's Olondria
The mysterious Abney Effect twists colors
How to know whether your house is occupied by demonic forces
The Only Book You Really Need: The Wit and Wisdom of Tyrion Lannister
Meet Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.‘s deadliest, most mysterious operative
The psychological syndrome that mimics Joker venom
Halliburton admits it destroyed evidence after Gulf oil spill
Two-Sentence Horror Stories are actually pretty chilling
Scientists Just Discovered a New Force That's Stronger Than Gravity
The 12 Most Ludicrous Superhero Armors
California thunderstorms from low-Earth orbit
New Wolverine movie is not much better than the first Wolverine movie
How big is our solar system?
Josh Holloway explains the disadvantages of being a human smartphone
The Butterfly Effect gets a reboot for reasons we can't comprehend
How the Curie Point can suck the magnetism out of metal
This lady is shocked by Gandalf's return in Lord of the Rings
This new hero shrew is so freakishly strong they named it after Thor
Lycopodium: The All-Natural Fun Supplement for Water and Fire
This is quite possibly the most apocalyptic sky we have ever seen
Video Games’ Best Superhero Isn't Coming Back
Coffee drinking linked to 50% lower risk of suicide
Game of Thrones finds a Sand Snake. Knights of Badassdom is coming!
OK, Let's talk about what happened on this week's True Blood
The disturbing invention of Mr. Shrapnel
Fighter Planes That Became Battle-Scarred War Monuments
Off the coast of Maine, lobsters are becoming cannibals
What makes the Machine on Person of Interest a science fiction rarity
Meet RHex, the robot that can get to you no matter where you run
This substance will let you turn your skin into a computer
Is the dome in Under the Dome a sentient being?
Godzilla director Gareth Edwards explains the symbolism of kaiju
Science and everyday life cannot and should not be separated
What is the weirdest work of science fiction you've ever seen?
James McAvoy Will Play Dr. Frankenstein to Daniel Radcliffe's Igor
Tom Hiddleston re-enacts the entirety of Thor 2... with action figures
Scientists ‘freeze’ light for an entire minute
Pranks from science fiction and fantasy that teach Very Special Lessons
Why Beware the Batman showcases Gotham's lesser known supervillains
1,000 Year-old Viking Jewelry Found On Danish Farm
Is your brain actually running a computer algorithm while you sleep?
Memory implantation is now officially real
Did the new RoboCop movie just replace robots with drones?
Chris Evans brings pain to the train in a new Snowpiercer trailer
Primeval Thule might be the Conan meets Cthulhu RPG the world needs
8 amazing works you may not have seen from anime's greatest directors
Pool cleaner and brake fluid fireballs!
No, but seriously. If sharknadoes were real, where would they strike?
Björk and David Attenborough team up for science!
Ryan Gosling could play Luke Skywalker's son? We seriously hope not
Sandra Bullock is lost in space in this amazing Gravity sequel trailer
It’s Easier for Aliens to Visit Us Than Previously Thought
How Arrow will expand the DC Universe on television
Futurama salutes the new generation of bad actors
We are all starstuff. And now you can look like starstuff, too.
Meltwater has turned the North Pole into a pond
Just how closely will Avengers 2 follow the Age of Ultron storyline?
Comic-Con Wrap Up: The Shiniest Things We Saw in San Diego!
Elysium concept art shows the super unsanitary bioware of the future
Next season's Vampire Diaries is all doppelgangers all the time
UK Team Unveils Daring Plan to Send Humans to Mars
Unbelievable “nail houses” around the world
What's the connection between heavy metal music, horror and fantasy?
How the new Planet of the Apes movie fits into the series timeline
An astounding $36 million in silver has been hauled from a WWII wreck
New study suggests sexual addiction is not actually an addiction
The Doubleclicks’ “Nothing to Prove” is the ultimate geek girl anthem
What science fiction did you love as a child, and grow up to hate?
Three more minutes of complete Captain Harlock movie badassery
The Winter Soldier reveals the secret backstory hidden in his hair
Read an excerpt from Jeff Carlson's new bio-thriller Interrupt
How did William Gibson really feel about Blade Runner?
This Is How A Martian Eagle Would See Curiosity
The science of hot cheetahs
10 theories that explain why we dream
First ever footage from 47 Ronin shows off one wild fantasy twist
Eric Kripke lists everything he hated about Revolution's first season
Orphan Black reveals how it can film three Tatiana Maslanys at once
Now you can do almost anything with a personal space satellite
If this theory is correct, we may live in a web of alternate timelines
Artists draw Batman with their eyes closed
On Drunk Science, journalist Charles Q. Choi explains orc sex
Star Wars vs. Game of Thrones is basically the new best thing ever
The man who planned to turn the Eiffel Tower into a free fall ride
This tiny, wearable patch makes you invisible to mosquitos
When is a flop truly a flop?
Watch ferrofluids dance and multiply over a water-repelling surface
Single-take trailer for Gravity is simply stunning
Bill Nye explains how to stop an asteroid
The Tomorrow People promises a grounded approach to superpowers
This obsessive robot can crack your phone's PIN in less than 24 hours
Do we already know the title of the Batman-Superman movie?
Harry Lennix has a theory about what happened to Boyd on Dollhouse
Show off your science team spirit with these geeky t-shirts!
The Worst Badvertising and Best Radvertising of Comic-Con 2013
A new antibiotic that can defeat anthrax and MRSA
This glowing blue death worm could hold the key to human longevity
Star Wars meets Mad Max in the new awesome toyline you'll never own
Who's the most underrated actor in science fiction and fantasy?
Sharlto Copley is starring in the first ever R-rated "POV" action movie
Father Of Artificial Intelligence To Be Pardoned For Being Gay
One-Man Ugandan Space Program To Build Country's First Satellite
George R.R. Martin answers our toughest Song of Ice and Fire questions
Matt Damon argues with a dickish robot in the first Elysium clip
Behold the incredible places where we'll build cities in space
Peggy Carter kicks so much ass in the new Agent Carter clip
The Ultimate Universe is Galactus’ buffet in This Week’s Comics!
Edgar Wright confirms we'll meet Hank Pym in Ant-Man
"Scientifically Accurate DuckTales" is a NSFW cavalcade of horror
What does Mach One (or Two or Three) mean?
16-foot dinosaur tail unearthed in Mexico is in perfect condition
Zadie Smith is writing a science fiction novel inspired by Le Guin
Intriguing art created by crazed electrons seeking escape
11 X-Men Movie Spinoffs We'd Like to See
A ‘submarine graveyard’ has been found off the coast of England
Michael Crichton: The Med School Years
Adding iodine to salt may have helped boost America's I.Q.
The Biggest and Best Comics News of Comic-Con
Smurfs are even more horrifying on the inside: Papa Smurf Dissected
Prepare to be Anal Probed Along America's Extraterrestrial Highway
Swedish researchers create ‘an impossible material’ by mistake
Are Hasbro's dropping toy sales a leading indicator?
Televisions are sending thousands of kids to the E.R. every year
Timur Bekmambetov will lead the insane Warriors of Oz to Syfy
Collectively, scientists love adverbs. Here are the ones they love…
3D Simulator Lets You Nuke Any City With Your Favorite Nuclear Warhead
No, Star Trek 3 is probably not filming in 2014
Comic-Con Rocked!
Rumors: Thor writers joining Star Trek 3, Abrams leaving Star Wars
Your replacement retinas might look like this
Scary, charming Sleepy Hollow series might be your new crack
The Most Creative and Sensational Cosplay From Comic-Con 2013
The Creepy World of Abandoned Asylums
Watch these humpback whales come within feet of gobbling up two divers
A weird new insight into how new species evolve
See Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt's mecha suits from Edge of Tomorrow
The Governor tells us why The Walking Dead is deadlier than ever
This Year's “Scifi That Could Change Your Life” Recommendations
Which science fiction book you would give to a first-time SF reader?
A lot of bad movies came out on DVD this week, but MST3K can help
The Biggest Winners and Losers of Comic-Con 2013!
On Being Human, the Devil gets off on a supernatural food fight
BBC fishes up a brand new Atlantis series for both the UK and US
Behold the Earth and Moon – as seen from Saturn
Joss Whedon: “Every kid who hated grownups became a grownup.”
An Exclusive Look Behind the Scenes of Pacific Rim‘s Prologue Sequence
The Monarch finally gets his hands on Doc in The Venture Bros. finale
Guardians of the Galaxy props show us what the movie will look like
NBC's new Dracula trailer is full of sex, violence, and mustaches
"Write faster" song sends George R.R. Martin into guitar-smashing rage
A fascinating new hypothesis that could explain (and prevent) AIDS
10 Scientific and Tech Visionaries Who Experimented With Drugs
The Greatest Libertarian Novel of the Year... and of All Time?
The massive “corpse flower” has finally bloomed! It smells awful!
The Cutest Way To Celebrate The Moon-Landing
This Week's TV: Axe Cop comes to network TV! And fights space zombies!
Watch the triumphant reveal of the Batman/Superman movie logo
Anakin Skywalker's hometown is about to be overtaken by sand dunes
Three Scifi Pioneers Talk About Making the First Great Space Movie
This animated Snowpiercer prequel reveals how the world froze
The Journal of Pacific Rim Psychology is a real thing that exists
The running machine is my new favorite piece of outdated technology
The Real Story About the Villains of Spider-Man 2 and Arrow
What was the best surprise or biggest letdown of Comic-Con 2013?
Supernatural hints at what follows the Fallen Angel Sh*tstorm
Leaving Nerd Las Vegas
The Most Memorable Dan Harmon Moments from Today's Community Panel
Kick-Ass 2 promises supervillain sex toys and Hit-Girl's daddy issues
Joss Whedon: No, You Don't Need Hank Pym to Have Ultron
Here is a baby rhino playing in the mud for the first time
The Doctor Who 50th Anniversary Trailer is an Amazing Thrill Ride
Community's Abed bemoans life without Troy in Greendale
10 Of The Strangest Theme Bars And Restaurants On Earth
Who makes it out of Vamp Camp alive in this new True Blood trailer?
Holy crap, Oz the Great and Powerful was a remake of Army of Darkness
Bryan Singer has a special word for what the new X-Men movie will be
The first line Kristen Bell uttered on the Veronica Mars film set
Walder Frey's Next Game of Thrones Adventure: a Dating Show?
The first periodic table that got laughed out of science
Just how god-like will Electro's powers get in Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Check Out These Beautiful Photos From The Apollo 11 Moon Mission
Watch Comic-Con's Marvel Cinematic Universe panel in all its glory
Why Riddick was easier to make as a brutal R-rated movie
Meet Arrow‘s new Black Canary in the first season 2 trailer
Get ready for Futurama‘s death by snu snu
Yes! It's the first trailer for Neil deGrasse Tyson's Cosmos series.
Watch the entire Game of Thrones panel online now
Marvel movie panel nearly destroyed us with glorious madness
Being Human: The Sitcom, plus new vids of Defiance and Warehouse 13!
First X-Men: Days of Future Past footage gave us goosebumps
The first look at Rebecca Sugar's amazing new cartoon Steven Universe
Caesar is War-Painted and Grizzled in the Planet of the Apes Teaser
The movie X-Men, new and old, come together at Comic-Con
Is The LEGO Movie really the best film ever? Signs point to yes!
I, Frankenstein looks like next year's Hansel and Gretel. Get excited.
When will the Governor return? What's ahead for Walking Dead Season 4
The new Hunger Games 2 trailer reveals why it's no longer a game
Edgar Wright says The World's End is like a drunken Doctor Who
Tom Cruise's Edge of Tomorrow feels like the Starship Troopers we want
The Great Sahara Sea That Almost Was
They're doing a Superman/Batman movie... but that's not the big news
The Little Mermaid swims her way into Once Upon a Time season 3!
Time for an edge-of-your-seat scary glimpse of Cuarón's Gravity
We saw a glimpse of Godzilla. You won't believe the size and majesty.
Top 10 Ways to Perfect Your Daily Routine with the Power of Science
We just saw the first mighty teaser for the Warcraft movie!
Once Upon a Time in Wonderland is creepy goodness, with genie action!
Footage from Jeff Bridges' Seventh Son reveals tons of crazy monsters
David S. Goyer tells us about the Walking Dead episode he's directing
Can you spot the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle in this photo?
Watch the entire Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Comic-Con panel right here!
Korra will face her greatest challenge in Season Two: her parents
Behold the very first footage from the Veronica Mars movie
Battlestar Galactica's humanoid cylons were a result of budget limits
Watch Andrew Garfield stay in character during the Spider-Man 2 panel
Peggy doesn't need Cap to kick butt in the first “Agent Carter” clip
Gaze Inside the Enormous Space Toolbox that Lives on the ISS
We've seen Samuel L. Jackson channel Rush Limbaugh in RoboCop footage!
Beware the Batman gets a scene-stealing villain
Against all odds, author Max Brooks didn't hate the World War Z movie
4-minute redband trailer makes Kick-Ass 2 look awesome again
How many monsters will be in the new Godzilla movie?
NASA will attempt to rescue the planet-hunting Kepler Telescope
Watch Game of Thrones' amazing tribute to its many dead characters
A Frightening Look Inside Japan's Newest Resident Evil Attraction
The Troubles have just begun according to the Haven season 4 trailer
This Is What a London Based on the Tube Would Look Like
We saw the first episode of Agents of SHIELD. Our Spoiler-Free Review
Riddick has never been more terrifying than in this bloody new trailer
Here's Some Beautiful Award-Winning Art Inspired by Natural Science
If nothing else, the Walking Dead season 4 trailer is phenomenal
Behold the wonder inside The Legend of Korra - Book 2: Spirits trailer
Vin Diesel: “I'm not allowed to say anything about the Vision.”
Ronald D. Moore unleashes a black gooey hell in new series Helix
Adam Savage reacting to a 400-pound super-mech is just the best
Syfy's Mark Stern: Expect more scripted series and miniseries
RIPD is an adequate movie you should absolutely not see in theaters
The science urban legend that was told to my parents
Official Game of Thrones figures top the best Comic-Con toys
Divergent Looks Like Harry Potter Playing the Hunger Games
RED 2 is a classic example of an inferior sequel
This iconic scene from Children of Men was actually an accident
Why do women's bodies run colder than men's?
Why the Biggest Obstacle for Elon Musk's Hyperloop Might Be Tunnels
Massive 4-minute trailer for Hayao Miyazaki's new film The Wind Rises
Join us for the io9 panel tonight at Comic-Con!
Matt Smith tells Comic-Con: “You'll forget about me”
10 Urban Legends about Famous Scientists
Mars’ Once Thick Atmosphere Now Kaput
A New Tomb Raider Comic Shows What's Next for Lara Croft After Hit Game
The Conjuring proves horror movies don't have to be heartless dreck
An unexpected human talent that computers will soon understand
The crack team behind the invention of the parking meter
The Space Battles in Ender's Game Will Make Your Eyeballs Explode
Meet the deadly droids of Elysium
Horrible Histories Explains the Space Race in Four Minutes
The cow that proves you can't be right accidentally
The Most Astounding Cosplay We've Seen at Comic-Con (So Far)
Benedict Cumberbatch explains how Sherlock survived his season 2 fall
After 69 years, Earth's slowest-moving drop has been captured on video
Will the Next Batman Movie Really Be Based on Batman Beyond?
Powdered Toast Man saves the day for breakfast foods everywhere
We Saw the First Ten Minutes of Terry Gilliam's New Masterpiece
GOP anti-Obamacare ad tries to capitalize on your love of Sharknado
Harrison Ford says Han Solo wouldn't join the army in Ender's Game
This Lego Cylon Baseship is Frakking Awesome
The Cool Pacific Rim End Titles You Never Saw
First (tiny) look at X-Men: Days of Future Past‘s Bishop and more
Hailee Steinfeld's nerdy nail art just made our day
One of the Most Stunning Mars Videos You've Ever Seen
The report that could have made our world an alternate timeline
Which creator do you wish you had met before they became superfamous?
Patrick Rothfuss’ Kingkiller Chronicles books are getting a TV show!
Was rabies used an ancient biological weapon?
How Comic-Con Attendance has Grown, and Other Geeky Infographics
Where do space whales come from?
Newly discovered “Pandoravirus" could redefine life as we know it
Parkour goat is tired of your bullsh*t fence
The very best finds on the floor at Comic-Con 2013
Heal your Game of Thrones anguish with these plush Direwolf puppies
io9 Book Club reminder: Meeting 7/30 to discuss Odds Against Tomorrow
Like humans, chimps and orangutans remember their past
These Missing Harry Potter Cover Illustrations Are Better Than Movies
Which New Show Will Rock Your TV Set? First Impressions on 5 Pilots!
Joe Rogan tells io9 why you should question the !@#$ out of everything
Astronomers watch as a gas cloud gets torn to shreds by a black hole
Infographic shows that the world likes the US slightly more than China
Jeff Bridges's lawman bitches about his death in this R.I.P.D. cartoon
Meet X-Men: Days of Future Past‘s Sentinel (or at least its head)
Get a Stack of Indie RPGs with the Pay-What-You-Want Bundle of Holding
In this Firefly online game, you can't let them take the sky from you
20 Great Insults from Science Fiction and Fantasy Books
Do Jenny McCarthy's antivax views stem from the indigo child movement?
A bigger, better look at Agents of SHIELD with tons of new footage
Our Brand-New Godzilla, Revealed at Comic-Con!
Google Maps just annihilated an entire 141-square-mile island
Harrison Ford gives a grim history lesson in first Ender's Game clip
Solving the Mystery of the Plague That Decimated Ancient Athens
How will humans cope with boredom on their first missions to Mars?
The early reviews for The Wolverine are decidedly mixed
Futurama makes me wish Nixon were president
America's present heat wave is so big you can see it from space
Did a massive dragon just wash ashore along England's Jurassic coast?
Does J.J. Abrams Have the Script for Star Wars Episode VII Already?
Amazing Spider-Man 2 Teaser: Electro Talks Trash to Spidey
More evidence that Neanderthals made jewelry and art
Game-changing discovery reveals how gold is made in outer space
New theory says the Universe isn't expanding — it's just getting fat
New Helix clip makes us scream for more Ronald D. Moore!
Crazy Ideas that Made the Leap from Scifi to Reality
Carl from Walking Dead has grown up and he's terrifying
Amazing Spider-Man 2 will have 5,000 villains
Is it realistic to think that the future will be like Star Trek?
DC's head executive puts Sandman at the "top" of their movie list
What if Ned Stark and Tony Stark were brothers?
Is Under the Dome doomed to make a series of stunt episodes?
Official Ender's Game Recruitment Video: Give Us Your Children
Citizen science project identifies species by their calls
Advocacy Group to Name Captive Chimp as Plaintiff in Historic Case
What would NYC look like in the Grand Canyon, or Death Valley?
Deluxe D&D Reprint Against the Slavelords Gains a Bonus Adventure
Turbo could be the sweetest surprise of the summer
The 15 Most Ludicrous Superhero Vehicles
272,297 dominos toppling is the most satisfying thing you'll see today
What You Need to Know About Getting Magnetic Finger Implants
A gorgeous HD video of Niagara Falls, shot from a Quad-Copter
Listen to the insanity of Darth Winnie, the Dark Pooh of the Sith
Why you should start watching Orphan Black right now
How chicken feed lead to the discovery of vitamins
‘Vampire Grave’ Discovered at Polish Construction Site
Hubble Snaps Breathtaking New Picture of ISON, “Comet of the Century"
Why do we nitpick superhero movies so damn much?
What Do You Call an Alien From Uranus?
Faran Tahir was the best Starfleet captain ever -- what's next?
How far would you go to get the perfect shot?
Major Hints for Guardians of the Galaxy, Avengers 2 and District 10!
Neural Dust is a Step Towards Nexus
San Diego Gets Ready, Because Comic-Con Is Coming!
Worst crossover ever: Hitler joins the JLA and the Avengers
Is spirituality really the opposite of science?
Heroes is getting a fifth, vastly unnecessary “season” via comics
“Brutalist” Buildings That Should Be Dystopian Movie Sets
RIP Elaine Morgan, popularizer of the Aquatic Ape Hypothesis
For the first time in years, this rare corpse flower is about to open!
Behold Syfy's  next masterpiece: Ghost Shark!
Bang! Pow! Zoom! Batman ’66 is the retro-king of This Week’s Comics!
What's the greatest knock-down, drag-out fight scene of all time?
What is this Cyberman orchestra conductor saying?
No, we didn't just create an AI that’s as smart as a 4-year old
Update Your Cosplay for Comic Con 2013: What to Wear, What to Burn
Blaxsploitation meets True Blood in a blisteringly weird short movie
Building a home is as vital as zombie headshots in State of Decay
Rescued: The Victorian Observatory Where Early Moon Pictures Were Shot
Hasbro announces the official Dungeons & Dragons Kre-O toyline
James Wan says The Conjuring is "the opposite" of found footage horror
Slavery Gives Me a Weird Personal Connection to Assassin's Creed IV
The Science Behind Discworld's Flat Earth on the Back of a Turtle
11 Books That Every Aspiring Television Writer MUST Read
Why does the shadow in this unedited image cast a future action?
Helmet Leak Forces ISS Astronauts to Abort Spacewalk
How Man of Steel should have ended, seriously
Watch this robot perform a perfect quadruple backflip
The Avengers can take on dungeons and dragons in this awesome fan art
These chalk art drawings will leave you with your jaw on the floor
Adorable Calvin And Hobbes documentary scores a distribution deal
Finally: Actual physical evidence that T-rex was a predator
Why do helium balloons in cars seem immune to inertia?
Hubble has spotted a previously undiscovered moon orbiting Neptune
X-Men: Days of Future Past will make X-movie continuity even weirder
A hand-drawn atlas three years in the making
Do We Know What the Next Incredible Hulk Movie is About?
True Blood: Now With Better Plots AND Weird Humping
The Bizarrely Beautiful World of Relics in Religious History
Falling Skies finally gives us what we've been dying for
Here's what Elon Musk's secret project might actually look like
Is PBS really bringing back Carmen Sandiego?
This frog sexbot can teach you about evolution
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Books You Can't Afford to Miss in July
Soar through the largest canyon in the solar system
Sound waves have brought us closer to a levitation machine
This movie about an evolutionary explosion will haunt your dreams
Which formerly lovable hero became way too much of a jerk?
Archaeologists have discovered the world’s oldest calendar
The real clone wars begin in This Week’s DVDs!
What does it mean when people say your story's “tone” is wrong?
Interactive map reveals the most common surnames in the U.S.
How to make the perfect slime
How one community brought these cute penguins back from extinction
The Guild parties down as an OSI mission goes bad in Venture Bros.
Graphene ‘miracle material’ could be toxic to humans
Pacific Rim's hilarious "fourth-string" Jaegers revealed
Smurfs 3 will reveal the bloody Gargamel origin story
The 14 Least Masterful Masters of the Universe
Is Fox making another Predator movie?
Exclusive Concept Art of the Secret at the Heart of Pacific Rim
This Week's TV: The Bikini-Musical Horror That We Can't Wait to See!
Bill Nye throwing the first pitch at Saturday's Mariners/Angels game
You can't do simple maths under pressure
Six generations of the same family in one photograph
How long is the average PhD dissertation?
This Joker portrait is pure, nightmare fuel
How to drink coffee in space without burning your face off
Your body is super-gross, and here's why
The crazy psychiatric treatment developed by Charles Darwin's father
Could Hugh Jackman join the Avengers? Is Star Trek 3 filming in 2014?
DC has uploaded tons of DC Nation animated shorts to YouTube
The Devil comes to town on Being Human (UK)
A dream city sits atop a seahorse's head
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe pose for their 3rd grade photo
Watch an animated Blade Runner told in 60 utterly chaotic seconds
Short films:  Caldera
Crowdfund Atomic Robo and more Little Witch Academia!
Watch the Doctor and Clara invade the orchestra at the Doctor Who Prom
New Spider-Man costume holds a built-in MP3 player
This Fallout Film Is So Fantastic, You Might Mistake It As Official
Someone actually bothered to debunk the idea of a Sharknado
The whole family gets in on this adorable Legend of Korra cosplay
Leafcutter ants carry signs made out of leaves in a tiny protest rally
Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt don guns and armor for All You Need is Kill
The tragic life of the man who invented nylon
9 Animals That Would Make Great Superheroes
J.K. Rowling quietly published a crime novel—all the way back in April
Disturbing chart shows rise in “justified killings” of blacks in U.S.
California now owns a $10,000 collection of Star Wars memorabilia
Our first peek at the Dark Knight cinematographer's directorial debut
These Examples of Surrealist Architecture Will Make You Feel Dizzy
A ‘Sci-Fi Skyrim’ Was In Development At Obsidian. It Had Time Travel.
How all Pixar films fit into a single universe
The Flying Man is the creepiest superhero
Ender's Game studio tries reaching out to the LGBT community
Yes Virginia, There Is a Darwin
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Creature Waiting at the Bus Stop
Watch Pacific Rim‘s rousing opening and closing titles
Man of Steel concept art puts Zod in more alien armor
The rather creepy 19th-century machine that spoke with a human voice
Did Continuum seriously just call out Looper for sloppy time travel?
Apocalyptic Velma and Scooby-Doo have got some zombies to kill now
Movie posters for the Sharknado sequels nobody asked for
What happens when a closeted superhero falls for a supervillain?
An X-Force movie is in the works—and maybe a Magneto film, too
Star Trek fan episode feels like an extension of the original series
The Dark Knight returns to the cartoon world in Beware The Batman
That time when President Lincoln patented "water wings" for boats
Save 1,100 vintage science fiction books from destruction!
Andrew Sean Greer's new novel is a jolt of pure heartbreak
Must-Read Essay: Cordwainer Smith as Folklorist of the Future
These Sea Creatures Are Clearly From Outer Space
3D-printed Spiderbot is Freakishly Lifelike, Better Dancer than You
What television show massively exceeded your expectations?
Everything you need to know about AI in a 9-minute video
The first Beware the Batman clip features a riddle (but not Riddler)
The rise of the evolutionary psychology douchebag
Sharknado was a ratings disaster as brutal as... well, a Sharknado
2013's solar maximum could be weakest since the dawn of the space age
Can you tell what a black hole has been eating?
Why aliens might understand the universe very differently than we do
Where the Future Came From: A Trip Through the 1893 Chicago World's Fair
A Synopsis of Tim Burton's Batman Based Only on the Prince Soundtrack
Watch this snake turn its tail into a creepy-crawly spider
How Artificial Chromosomes Could Transform Humanity
The NSA Spying Scandal, as Explained by Pixar
A cop car keeps playing the “Imperial March” and the NYPD is unamused
This Teaser Goes From Beautiful to Terrifying In The Space Of Seconds
10 Reasons You Should Be Reading Brian K. Vaughan’s Saga
Nazis unleash their monster factory in the Frankenstein's Army trailer
This animated lightshow is the most stunning thing we've seen all week
Pacific Rim is the greatest fairy tale of the twenty-first century
Batman: The Ultimate Hoarder?
This fantastic anthology was written entirely by io9 commenters!
Our solar system has a tail and it's shaped like a four-leaf clover
Why are plants attracted to radium?
Hiccup soars in the first How to Train Your Dragon 2 trailer
Meet the Pentagon's latest robotic abomination: ATLAS
How to make phosphorus by doing disgusting things with urine
Matt Damon and Jodie Foster take you inside the worlds of Elysium
Watch as the first-ever human-powered helicopter takes flight
Major Reveals for Wolverine, Agents of SHIELD... and Pacific Rim 2?
The Middleman  will return at last, as a graphic novel
Trapped on a Space Station: First Look at Cecil Castellucci's Tin Star
Mind-Blowing Spaceships from 1970s British Paperbacks
An Animated Wonder Woman Like You've Never Seen Her Before!
Aaron Eckhart is the world's sexiest Frankenstein monster
Could the Ender's Game boycott actually sink the movie?
Atomic tests help prove that we grow new neurons in our brains
Magnificent Animal Armor for Your Favorite Beast
What's the best story that took an old plot device and made it new?
NASA responds to a seven-year-old's request to go to Mars
First Divergent footage shows the gun-toting teens of the future
Once-in-a-Lifetime Experiences You Could Have at Comic-Con 2013
How to wash your hair in space
Is Mars Ruled by Beavers?
The inventor of Google Glass is designing a wearable computer for dogs
Hayley Atwell's back in action in Marvel's newest short "Agent Carter"
If you've ever hated the movie version of a book, watch this trailer
Should solitary confinement be considered a form of torture?
Bizarre GMO wheat mystery in Oregon
Is the book industry sexist or just starved for great women authors?
You Don't Know Squat About Pacific Rim
Decapitated worms regrow their heads with old memories intact
New Star Trek comic to explain those darned 1990s Eugenics Wars
Astronomers have discovered a blue planet beyond our solar system
We asked the writer of Sharknado some very serious questions
An Excerpt from Dave Goldberg's “Universe in the Rearview Mirror”
These RPG Campaigns Will Keep You Busy All Summer Long
Why does this fire keep burning, even after you smother it?
Oh, good, Day of the Dead is getting remade... again
10 Science Fiction TV Spin-offs That Are Great in their Own Right
Sophisticated chatbot poses as teenage girl to lure pedophiles
Perfect Spacewalk Photos of the Real Luca Skywalker
Prepare for a Nerf apocalypse with the new Zombie Strike line!
Holy crap this waterspout is enormous
The BBC's Doctor Who docudrama gets the first Doctor exactly right
What is the evolutionary advantage of death?
Futurama gets a current event just right
Rare Egyptian Sphinx discovered in Israel — well, its paws, anyway
Could Arrow‘s Stephen Amell join the big-screen Justice League?
The View Doesn't Make Up for a 20-hour Shift in the Orbital Refinery
What the Biggest Pop Culture Experts Can't Wait to See at Comic-Con
Crazy French triangle UFO hovers over a building
First RIPD clips show how Jeff Bridges uses sex appeal to get ahead
Maps of Vast Empires That No Longer Exist
Could these be the most futuristic shoes ever made?
The alloy in Wolverine's bones could become a reality, say scientists
An Ominous Cloud That Literally Rolls In
How the Chinese developed forensic science in the 12th century
This movie would have been perfect, if not for that awful ending!
What the hell is going on with these balls?
Uh, did Geoff Johns just spoil the end of DC's Trinity War?
I Wore a Bionic Leg, And I Never Wanted To Take It Off Again
These fish are evidence that humans aren't the only evil animals
First trailer for Seventh Son has dragons, witches and Jeff Bridges!
Sharknado is so much more amazing than you could have possibly guessed
Is human super-intelligence a bad idea?
Neil deGrasse Tyson on Manhattanhenge
How will biotechnology change human evolution?
NASA is getting ready to search for signs of life on Mars
Holy crap Jamie Foxx looks insane as Electro in  Amazing Spider-Man 2
The 10 Greatest Giant Monster Movies of All Time
Christopher Walken as Zeus, Nelsan Ellis as Dionysus: Best Movie Ever?
How an early psychiatric treatment lead to widespread mutilation
Here's what 25 feet of sea-level rise would do to the U.S. west coast
An Exclusive Look at the Owner's Manual for Adventure Time's BMO!
Vin Diesel is not being subtle about his possible role in Avengers 2
Idris Elba did that “Cancelling the Apocalypse” speech a million times
Video proof that Agent Coulson will save television with S.H.I.E.L.D.
Firebreathing is even more epic when seen from first-person
Fear of a Black Superman?
Keeping whales in captivity is insane. Here's why.
Michonne the Jedi Bounty Hunter upgrades to lightsabers
This may be the best scientific paper abstract ever written
Satan is a harsh Dungeonmaster in this amazing "D&D-Is-Evil" '80s PSA
Can you guess what's being revealed in this record setting photo?
Neil Blomkamp Definitely Won't Direct the Next Star Trek Movie
The Most Thrilling Iron Man 3 Art Yet: The Iron Legion!
Aren't you glad this wasn't the series finale of Warehouse 13?
All my favorite characters on Under the Dome are sure to die
Boozy Snapshots of American Life Under Prohibition
Clip makes Christian Slater's Stranded look like The Thing meets Moon
The Rainmakers: How Human Beings Control the Weather
League of Extraordinary Gentlemen gets one more shot as a TV show
Zombies vs. Robots: Diplomacy. Free Excerpt on Kinja
Could open-source GMOs bring down Monsanto at last?
Toddler with bioengineered windpipe dies three months after surgery
Get ready for Comic Con by blowing all your cash on This Week’s Comics
What are the best geeky hangouts in your hometown?
Star Wars Theremin Bra: When Regular Underwear Isn't Geeky Enough
Elysium concept art shows how the other half live... in space
The Siege Of Brazil From Space
Evil Birthday Chair Hugs You Everytime Someone Writes on your Facebook
Biosensors and blue jeans - Berkeley's 2013 iGEM project
George R.R. Martin: This is what the Iron Throne REALLY looks like
Was life possible on Mars? Curiosity's on a one-year trek to find out.
Is the Dakar Rally destroying the incredible geoglyphs of Chile?
Prophet of Bones author Ted Kosmatka Clones Neanderthals in “N-Words”
The Soviets Built A Giant Gun That Could Shoot Nukes
How Spontaneous Combustion Really Happens
Sound advice for smart humans: “Be ignorant, be silent, be thick”
10 Movie Flops That Totally Deserved It
‘Blitzars’ could explain those mysterious intergalactic radio bursts
Watch today's spacewalk, live on io9!
The Most Insanely Fantastic Toys Coming to Comic-Con 2013
Finally: An epic, original science rap that's actually really good
The Best Digital Tools for Organizing Your RPG Campaign
Batgirl and Nightwing's Wedding Shames All Other Geek Weddings
An ancient underwater forest has been discovered in the Gulf of Mexico
The deadliest ailments on Earth, mapped by their affected tissues
The terrible Defiance finale nearly wrecks its entire first season
Every single coffee and pie scene from Twin Peaks, you're welcome
Watch copper sulfate and ammonia react in slow motion
Could Charlie Kaufman be adapting Kurt Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse-Five?
Last night's True Blood was a return to classic vampire humping
Dear Falling Skies: I just don't know what you're about any more
Star Wars? In Kingdom Hearts III? Maybe!
An Illustrated History of Unbelievably Camouflaged Ships
Is this the first arrest ever recorded by Google Glass?
Tonto WTF?!
Oh my god they made another Chucky movie
How easy is it to fake mental illness?
What's the greatest cosplay character or concept of all time?
Green Lantern stands tall in the cover to DC's Absolute Blackest Night
All the ways Google is asked to censor the web, in one handy chart
Donald Glover will only appear in 5 out of 13 Community episodes
Learn the ancient secrets of DVD-bending in This Week’s DVDs!
Living People Linked to 5,500 Year-old DNA
How America Could Have Ruled the Earth in 1898
British Astronomers to Join Search for Intelligent Alien Life
Why Pacific Rim Doesn't Look Like Any Movie You've Ever Seen Before
Hank turns supervillain in a family bombshell-dropping Venture Bros.
Incredible time-lapse of fog flowing over San Francisco for 2 years
An in-depth tour of the suit astronauts use to make repairs in space
Pantsload of Conjuring clips will scare the crap out of ya
New Evidence: Antarctica’s Ancient, Ice-Covered Lake is Full of Life
Iain M. Banks gets asteroid named after him
All aboard the ludicrous train fight scene in the first Wolverine clip
The 15 Most Disturbing MST3K Host Segments
How Would You Carry a Jaeger from Pacific Rim?
What if The Simpsons was invaded by characters from Game of Thrones?
Celebrate the Roswell UFO incident by playing Google's doodle game
This Week's TV: Is Batman's new show as good as the Animated Series?
Desire Modification is on the way, with Anti-Addiction tech
Lauren Beukes is here answering your questions from 12-1 PM today!
The world's deepest diving pool is like an underwater city
Batman prepares to battle Aquaman and Wonder Woman in Flashpoint clip
Watch as Grasshopper sets a new record by ‘hopping’ over 1,000 feet
Primates shows us what it takes to make it as a scientist
Could the Lone Ranger still play Batman in the Justice League movie?
A Dramatic Tribute to Moebius
Original Doctor Who theme song slowed into 20 minutes of alien music
A charming and absurd black comedy about a family's killer curse
10 Years Ago, Opportunity Rover Began a 90-Day Mission That Never Ended
Sleek and Sexy Bus Concepts from the Future that Never Was
Crowdfund a quantum physics board game and a Victorian taxidermy doc
Not One Single Woman Directed a Doctor Who Episode Last Year
Phoenix Jones mini-doc peeks into the psyche of a real-life superhero
The Slingshot Madman Has Perfected the Zombie Capture Kit
Claymation aliens turn a petty dispute into an all-out animated war
Intricate illustrations of elaborate and impossible buildings
Designer creates a narrow house suspended between two sheets of fabric
The first Time War took place in the 16th century
Incredible X-ray video captures a bat in flight
A History of Plagiarism Claims Against James Cameron
Calvin and Hobbes enjoy an imaginative summer and winter
Pay what you want for these two scifi ebook bundles
An engineer tries to flee a dark storm in this stylish steampunk short
Cover designs for books that don't exist (but should)
Behold the Rusting Beauty of Abandoned Train Graveyards
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Time Machine for Sale
How World War Z‘s VFX crew used AI to create the zombie swarm
Richard Nixon wields presidential knuckles against a saber-toothed cat
Is it whitewashing? George R.R. Martin responds to Red Viper casting
Right-wing preacher condemns Star Trek Into Darkness for bestiality
Watch a baby King Cobra devour another snake
A gravedigger goes on a bizarre quest through the underworld
500 People Down With Scalzi's Anti-Harrassment Con Policy So Far
A musical memorial to dead Game of Thrones characters we used to know
There's a place in France...
San Diego Comic-Con Thursday and Friday schedules have been posted!
Avengers Assemble kicks off & Deadpool crashes Ultimate Spider-Man
Daredevil: Marvel's mightiest murderer of small children
New Snowpiercer trailer explains how humanity destroyed the Earth
Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014: brilliant decks, flawed sealed play
Arsenic poisoning may have spawned two different movie monsters
No, that spider didn't bite you. Probably.
The Doctor Has Displeased the Empire
The Pros and Cons of Cons
Artist transforms little girls in superhero costumes into super art
Talking guns, cars with wings and living A/Cs? Welcome to Ballistic
Oldest funerary flowers ever unearthed in Israel
10 mindblowingly futuristic technologies that will appear by the 2030s
These super slow-motion clips of birds flying are awesome
The women who took radium from savior to killer
The Most Popular Dog Breeds and Names in NYC, Mapped
Lust for life: Breaking the 120-year barrier in human aging
You Can Explore Harry Potter's Diagon Alley on Street View Now
Game of Thrones hires Neil Marshall again for the season 4 finale
Mysterious Intergalactic Radio Bursts Detected
Hints About Doctor Strange, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and SHIELD!
Watch actors perform their very own death-defying stunts
Women do better on math tests when they fake their names
Spider webs are literally attracted to some insects
Man plays Game of Thrones theme on flaming bagpipes while unicycling
Independence Days from across the Multiverse
The mysterious plague of 1770
All the books getting turned into movies & TV shows over the next year
Lock-picking cockatoos prove yet again that birds are freakin’ smart
When is the right time to finally give up on a series?
Hawkmoths use their genitals to scare off bats
10 Great Movies in which the Heroes Are Doomed
Holy @#$%, Michael Jackson almost starred in a Doctor Who movie
Historical Disney Princesses Are Your Next Cosplay Inspiration
Where does the Standard Model of physics come from?
Rare 3D Camera Found Containing Photos from WWI
First-ever pictures from the set of The Maze Runner
The Fart That Saved a Transformer’s Life
The Science of Breaking Out of Your Comfort Zone (and Why You Should)
Futurama makes us wish we'd stayed in prison
How to grow a human heart in three (relatively) easy steps
Which Iron Man Villain Wants to Reappear on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
Meet io9 editor Annalee Newitz tonight in Melbourne, Australia!
All Hail the Coffee Robots!
Help Seattle to name a park after Octavia Butler
Ever felt compelled to squeeze an adorable animal really, really hard?
The Sharknado trailer is the greatest thing you'll see all week
Animated movies that are better than most live-action blockbusters
A 5,000 year-old pyramid has been completely levelled in Peru
Researchers uncover key clues in the mystery of limb regeneration
How military sonar may be harming endangered blue whales
Now it all makes sense: Prince Charles is a Dalek!
What science fiction scared the crap out of you as a kid?
What Back To The Future II Can Teach Us About The 2015 Mustang
Awesome new TED-ED videos explain the physics of superhero powers
Man catches freaky 200-year-old fish, promptly kills it [Updated!]
The 14 Greatest Action Figure Playsets of All Time
Dark Horse is adapting Hour of the Dragon, Howard's best Conan story
What makes creepy things creepy?
Despicable Me 2: Being a single dad is harder than saving the world
Why Randomness May Not Mean What You Think It Means
New Frozen footage reveals the Ice Queen in action
Amputee duck gets a high-tech 3D-printed foot, waddles into our hearts
Lone Ranger is Johnny Depp's tribute to shitty superhero origin films
Google wants to send you searching for answers in a Kafkaesque world
If you can't taste sugary foods, you could be at risk for sterility
Why do post-apocalyptic people dress like morons?
How (and why) to make a diamond burn
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 trailer has more puns than people
Beautiful bird sculptures made entirely of typewriter parts
Why is Batman so red in the Beware the Batman opening?
A guy in a Darth Vader suit may have run the hottest mile EVER
Hints and Revelations for The Crow, The Giver, Maze Runner and TMNT!
Taschen's collection of classic magician art is sinister and wondrous
Warehouse 13 is a show about institutions that swallow people up
A Fetching Exercise in Scientific Text
New trailer for In Saturn's Rings is guaranteed to give you goosebumps
This is what a suitcase full of Kaiju organs looks like
We can't stop watching this documentary about glass making
What's the coolest sword in the entire universe?
Will the secrets of DC’s New 52 be revealed in This Week’s Comics?
Person of Interest wants to remind you they predicted this NSA sh-t
Alastair Reynolds takes on Doctor Who, and the result is quite strange
Human head transplants? Neurosurgeon says ‘we have the technology’
First Trailer for Laika's Next Stop Motion Wonder, The BoxTrolls!
Lightspeed Presents: “Division of Labor” by Benjamin Roy Lambert
Today Is A G'Day: Mad Max Will Have Aussie Protagonist After All
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about The Shining Girls.
When Falling Skies keeps its eye on the ball, it's a truly great show
Why Marvel Needs to Make a Captain Marvel Movie Like, Yesterday
In the future, our food will come alive and interact with us
Make this Back To The Future documentary a reality
Gorgeous Old Movie Theaters That Have Fallen Into Ruin
10 Cinematographers Who Turned Science Fiction Movies into Great Art
This comically large shotgun was once used for hunting ducks
New Wolverine featurette reveals why Logan's a ronin
New Elysium trailer breaks out the bonesaw on Matt Damon
Red Dwarfs Could Host 60 billion Habitable Planets in the Milky Way
Hollywood making a sexier version of The Girl Who Owned a City
The exclusive debut of Adam Warrock's new BSG music video “Galactica”
The most beautiful images of Mars you've ever seen
The shtako completely hits the fan in another game-changing Defiance
The plot to kill Einstein
Watch as this Russian rocket takes a fateful nosedive [Updated!]
New names of Pluto's smallest known moons to be announced this morning
Christian Bale confirms he won't play Batman in Justice League
io9 editor Annalee Newitz in Melbourne, Australia this Thursday!
True Blood serves up a plateful of Classic Eric. Bill still sucks.
In Egadz's new video, the future of music is living inside the machine
What's inside a cup of coffee?
Doctor Who engagement photoshoot is seriously spot-on fantastic
Why Harry Potter Won't Have as Much Staying Power as Luke Skywalker
The Walking Dead‘s Merle is even more terrifying in a Boba Fett outfit
Museum Helps Preserve Iconic Tortoise Lonesome George
Neanderthal and Proud!
The absolute worst way to die in the wild is Death-by-Cassowary
What science fiction movie soundtrack deserves heavy rotation?
See New York Premiere of Europa Report at the Hayden Planetarium
Peter Jackson delivers some bad Hobbit 2 news in the best way possible
Brock takes charge in a complex, brilliant and hilarious Venture Bros.
The cost of pregnancy in America is f*cking obscene
The Complete Guide to July's Must-See Science Fiction and Fantasy!
The Game of Thrones cast has an ‘80s theme party in this awesome art
Top 10 Dumbest Evil Geniuses Of All Time
130 years of global temperature data, converted to music
Unbelievable Pacific Rim video reveals all of the Kaiju's secrets
This is how an astronaut will view Mars from orbit
This Week's TV: Beautiful People Get Trapped at a Meteor Crash Site!
C-3PO is fluent in six million languages, but rap is not one of them
First glimpse of the cover of Neil Gaiman's new Sandman comic
How World of Warcraft Could Break the "Sucky Video Game Movie" Curse
Just Who Will Arnold Schwarzenegger Be Playing in Terminator 5?
And now, a galaxy that looks just like a dolphin
Uncomfortable photographs examine what it's like to deal with anxiety
Don't hold your breath for Hellboy 3 after all
Quantum tunneling allows "impossible" molecules to form in space
The Weirdest Urban Ecosystems On Earth
Your Cat Is Trying to Kill You Again, Part II: The Quickening
How throwing evolved into humanity's greatest weapon
Crowdfund drinking glasses shaped like lab equipment and more
Check Out These Gorgeous Color Photos From World War II
Universal Orlando is building a recreation of the Cabin in the Woods
Even cats have to deal with a zombie apocalypse
Custom painted Gromit statues unleashed all over Bristol
1954 film claims a well-kept house could survive a nuclear attack
Bacterial communities swarm into gorgeous works of art
Charlie Day and Ron Perlman talk kaiju anatomy in new Pacific Rim clip
Fleshy piranha plant sculpture casts Mario Bros. in a horrifying light
Orlando Bloom sings "Taking the Hobbits to Isengard" on the Hobbit set
15 Scifi Mockumentaries That Will Leave You Questioning Reality
Flying Spaghetti Monsters have been abducting humans since the 1950s
Robert Redford's S.H.I.E.L.D. agent steps onto the Captain America set
Fantastical illustrations of airships from the early 20th century
Watch the 1978 screen test for Boba Fett's original white costume
Studs Terkel and Calvin Trillin Talk To SF Writers
Continuum takes superhero tropes out back and shoots them in the head
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Monsters Wore Terrible Disguises
Japan's abandoned Battleship Island is now on Google Street View
Prog rock fantasy artist Roger Dean suing James Cameron over Avatar
Game of Thrones has cast its Red Viper of Dorne
We deem the Michelangelo-spoofing Creation of Lemongrab "Acceptable"
Get pumped to battle kaiju with the entire Pacific Rim soundtrack
This webcomic reminds us that high fantasy can be both smart and silly
Colorful Monsters University concept art deserves its own TV show
After 14 years, Ian McKellen has filmed his final scene as Gandalf
These Great Lego Game of Thrones Minifigs Are Now for Sale
Gravity Falls returns while Starscream is freaked out by Predacons
Weekend Nightmare Fuel: The Biggest Crawling Animals on Earth
Researchers have shattered the record for oldest genome ever sequenced
Scientists use plastic wrap to make a wall "sonically invisible"
Lexicon could be Max Barry's smartest dystopia yet
Once Upon A Time In Wonderland promises no filler episodes
A pristine ‘temple of the dead’ has been uncovered in Peru
This Doctor Who drinking game will almost assuredly kill you
Oh, how nice: a hyperrealistic life-sized sculpture of a beached whale
Low Budget Films That Are More Thrilling Than Most Big Summer Movies
The disease-causing fungi that lurk in your dishwasher
Read an exclusive preview of the new Transformers novel Retribution!
This Is What It Feels Like to Pass Through A Singularity
The scientific feud that ended in an execution
The shockwave from the Chelyabinsk meteor circled the Earth -- twice!
Don't miss your chance to have your photo taken from outer space!
Pacifc Rim featurette shows off the humans inside the giant robots
Pixar will make fewer sequels
A Test to Measure How Rational You Really Are
Rigor Mortis reveals the scariest apartment building in Hong Kong
Amazing Video: The Great Gatsby Stripped of Greenscreen Effects
The 10 Greatest Female Samurai and Ninjas
How Real Scientists Shaped the Story of Europa Report
What is happening in this bizarre Japanese retro-futuristic art?
PayPal teams up with SETI to launch PayPal Galactic (a Space Bank)
Byzantium explores what vampirism would actually be like
Honeybee friendships may shed light on human social life
The first robot-on-human fatality was in 1979
Captain Planet the movie is a thing that is happening
Weta explains how they made Man of Steel's awesome Kryptonian VFX
New Insights Emerge About Voyager 1's Epic Journey to the Edge
A quick way to make people feel bad about their whole lives
U.S. feds make their first-ever Bitcoin seizure
You know what're awesome? Mushrooms. Mushrooms are awesome.
The Terminator Saga is Officially Being Rebooted!
A Field Guide to Cryptids From Europe and Africa
Joseph Campbell and The Hero's Journey, as explained by puppets
There will soon be TWO competing Game of Thrones porn spoofs
Planets can form and survive in insanely dense star clusters
Is Superman the Antichrist?
Proposed 'deflector shield' could protect astronauts from radiation
The greatest penis rescue story ever told
Do geek stereotypes keep women out of computer science?
Interview with a Vampire director explains how to reinvent vampires
This is the bead-chain experiment. It's about to melt your brain.
Bee colonies with promiscuous queens have a better chance of survival
What's the one book that absolutely must be a TV show, NOT a movie?
Trailer for The Conjuring interviews the family that inspired the film
This Doctor Who 50th Anniversary teaser is fake but still awesome
Scientists Clone a Mouse From a Single Drop of Blood
Why do we have sex at night?
Come and watch the best Doctor Who story of all time (and space)!
Your First Look at the Epic Fantasy Novel Everybody's Raving About
Why Your Memory Sucks (and What You Can Do About It)
Stallone & Schwarzenegger plan a superprison-break in The Escape Plan
Would it be evil to build a functional brain inside a computer?
Why you can't get that damn ringtone out of your head
10 Great Books You Didn't Know Were Science Fiction or Fantasy
Exclusive: The Evolution of the Minifig
The implications of the Moses Illusion
Turn $ into Galactic Credits with the amazing Scifi Currency Converter
How does spacetime get bent?
The four-hundred-year mystery of the Ashen Light of Venus
First trailer for Reno 911!  creators'  exorcism movie Hell Baby
The time Highlander swapped the Quickening for the Redneckening
Man's Parkinson's disease symptoms vanish with the push of a button
What would the newsstands look like if The Avengers were real?
Futurama gets its snap and its heart back
China’s Shenzhou-10 Crew Has Returned to Earth
How to move a 17-ton particle physics experiment 3,200 miles
Could Vin Diesel be starring in a Marvel movie?
This George R.R. Martin Book Might Restore Your Faith in Human Nature
Rich, educated westerners could be skewing social science studies
The difference between geeks and nerds, settled by a geeky infographic
Beautiful Churches That Have Been Converted into Secular Buildings
A project to build a robot with the intelligence of a three year-old
How Our Visions of Virtual Reality Have Changed in the Past 40 Years
How to detect massive alien spaceships powered by stars
Honest Trailers boldly suggests Independence Day might be flawed
Let's talk about the dark side of private space programs
A fun 30-minute look behind the scenes of Buffy: The Vampire Slayer
"With six feet of sea-level rise, South Florida is toast."
Mind-blowing Man of Steel concept art shows Krypton's civil war
Solving the Mystery of Legionnaire's Disease
Amazing Before-and-After Photos of Starfleet Shuttlecraft Restoration
Scientific Studies Explain the Best Ways to Talk to Children
The Komodo dragon's bite isn't infectious, after all
Why Science Fiction is Where The Action is for E-Books
The most original (and scientifically plausible) zombies of the year
9 Deadly Vacations (That We'd Still Like to Take)
Why "Networked Matter" Is One Futurist Concept You Need to Know
Here's everything the World War Z movie has in common with the book
New evidence that humans developed big brains to cope with society
A view of Earth that'll make you go whoa
The New Mad Max Game Will Be Vast, Violent and Not Sound Australian
“Does DC Have a Chris Nolan Problem?”
Previously unseen photos show a harrowing assault during Vietnam War
And now, a giraffe chasing after a safari jeep
Peter Jackson reveals the extra scenes in The Hobbit: Extended Edition
This giant blob was found floating off the coast of Cuba
The Doctor Strange Rumors Get Bigger and Crazier!
Warning: This clip will probably put you off sex for a few days
A pastoral scene with cows and starships
Under the Dome is creepy and horrifying -- but can it be sustained?
Warehouse 13 gives us an oddly whimsical look at death and betrayal
Why Google banned brainteasers from their interview process
Buildings Designed to Look Like Barcodes
Deadpool: The Kotaku Review
This freaky lizard lived in an isolated desert 250 million years ago
Superman and Batman have their first date in This Week's Comics!
Here's what New York City looked like before "sanitation engineering"
What's the best movie that failed at the box office?
Is Pacific Rim destined to be an epic flop?
Fan recreates the Star Trek teleport effect with Christmas lights
Burrowing robot!
Cloning Don'ts: Things to Avoid When Copying Yourself or Others
Remembering Richard Matheson
Scott Pilgrim author says it "sucks" that the story was "so white"
Why Return of the Jedi Was the Most Grown-Up Star Wars Movie
Take a psychedelic trip on Tokyo's driverless transit system
What Do We Really Mean When We Say Light Is "Pollution"?
How to Write a Sex Scene Between a Unicorn and a Rainbow
What's the worst thing that could happen when objects start talking?
What the hell is going on with these deer?
Now you can visit a 2,000-year-old brothel in Greece
10 Essential Elements of a Great Escapist Hero
The Strange Story of the Man Who Invented the Space Gun
Recreation of ancient beer suggests it was really, really gross
This Photo Makes Me Want to Go to Mars Right Now
Confirmed: A Star System with Three Potentially Habitable Planets!
Here's one more awesome Pacific Rim trailer, because why the hell not
These satellite images could be used to predict the next drought
New evidence suggests biological causes for Gulf War Syndrome
Defiance hosts three funerals and a wedding in a game-changing episode
The "Blacky Pictures" are the scariest psychological test ever
Two cannons have been raised from Blackbeard's sunken ship
Director explains why The Wolverine won't set up the next X-Men movie
True Blood: A Totally Normal Show For Normal People
What Happened to the Mysterious Humans of the Sahara 7,000 Years Ago?
I admit it: I'm a Falling Skies fan.
The Most Insane Television Sets in History
Evidence that our universe may have collided with another universe
Taco Bell prepares us for synth meat and textured veg protein
Watch these snow leopard cubs snuggle with their mom LIVE RIGHT NOW
How can you tell you're living in the future?
Bobcat Goldthwait made a Bigfoot movie, and we kind of want to see it
R.I.P. Richard Matheson, Author of I Am Legend and Many Other Classics
All the elements arranged by the country that discovered them
Don't set aside a weekend to watch the missing Doctor Who episodes yet
Plants Avoid Starvation at Night By Doing Basic Math
Check out these beautifully artsy Japanese posters from The Wolverine
We can make blue jean dye in bacteria! (So now what?)
Most Creative Game of Thrones Cosplay Yet
Lovely book trailer: A mom explains to her daughter why she left Earth
HPV vaccines are saving countless lives – but we could do so much more
Enormous, ancient Maya city found in Yucatán jungle
New statistics on lightning deaths in the U.S. reveal weird patterns
Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright explain how their non-trilogy is a trilogy
One-Joke Characters in Science Fiction (Who Never Stop Being Funny)
First look at How to Train Your Dragon 2: The Sexy Years
Author builds gigantic LEGO model of spaceship from his new novel
7 Bio-Artists Who Are Transforming the Fabric of Life Itself
Microscopic carbon probe can measure the activity of a single neuron
Walking Dead set pics tease a major change for our dear leader
This Week's TV: The Only New Show This Summer That's Truly Addictive
Jim Carrey decries the violence of Kick-Ass 2, Mark Millar responds
The average human lifespan, illustrated with jelly beans
Why is this ancient Egyptian statue slowly turning by itself!?
Doc experiences happiness in a cheesy, spinach-filled Venture Bros.
These gaze-activated dresses are the coolest thing you'll see all day
What causes words to get stuck on the tip of our tongue?
Major Hints For Jurassic Park 4, Jupiter Rising and Man of Steel 2!
"Oh, for a robot-drawn carriage!"
A haunting, wordless retelling of the myth of Artemis and Actaeon
Behold the tallest abandoned building in the world
Math goes surreal in the trailer for Terry Gilliam's The Zero Theorem
Superman gets red underwear in Man of Steel concept art
The History of Early Computing Machines, from Ancient Times to 1981
This Walking Lego Steampunk Ship is Terrifying!
Crowdfund question block lamps, slime mold field guides, and much more
A Glowing Light Painting of The Simpsons' Kang and Kodos
What do you want to see in a female superhero movie?
Matt Smith offers his video thanks for his time on Doctor Who
Would you want a phone's Bluetooth in your glove instead of your ear?
The best-animated 80s cartoon intros
12th-century latrine still holds parasites from the crusaders' feces
Instead of Monsters University we could have had a Monsters Inc sequel
The guinea pig that proved we have an internal combustion engine
Hank and Dean Venture dress up as X-Men's Cyclops and Havok
X-ray images of women in corsets show skeletons in a bind
Will Smith won't be back for the Independence Day sequel
I have a heretofore undisclosed "thing" for superhero nightlights
Learn the fake science of reading faces with these phrenology diagrams
Mind-Controlled Pong is One Step Toward a World Cup Kickoff
Dreamlike Concept Images of Cities that Float High Above the Clouds
Cross-section photographs of bullets are strangely fascinating
Michael Sheen will read The Ocean at the End of the Lane for Radio 4
What World War Z could have looked like as a mockumentary
Baby Mammals Twitch in Their Sleep Because They’re Learning Cute Moves
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Destruction of the Wasteland Churches
Transgenic silkworms spin glowing fluorescent silk
A great episode of Continuum explores the fragility of memory
Arnold Schwarzenegger shuffles into tearjerker zombie film Maggie
Can you tell real images of space from fake ones?
FYI: Snakes can open doors
William Fichtner is our new Shredder in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
The Greek gods play a wacky game to decide who will rule Olympus
Mark Waid demystifies how creator contracts work at DC
We're going to need some giant robots when Pacific Rim meets Jaws
The 1960s Batman theme song, as sung by actual bats
Starfire talks Raven into a Girls' Night Out on Teen Titans
What's the greatest story ever told about robot consciousness?
Deaf Boy Hears Dad’s Voice for First Time Following Brain Stem Implant
Watch A Fox Reporter Demolish A Hackneyed Anti-Game Argument
There are 146 baby girls in America named Khaleesi
Spend your weekend teaching a computer to recognize art
Terrifying First-Hand Account From a Man Who Was Swallowed By a Hippo
Spend Some Quality Time With The Manliest Version of Doctor Who
Everybody Freak Out: Strange and Uncanny Outbreaks of Shared Insanity
How to Dominate at Monopoly Using Basic Math
Aliens let their balls loose on Earth in Syfy's Independence Daysaster
Watch Bill Paxton and Laurence Fishburne fight cannibals on Future…
Stephen King's Shining sequel has a trailer, and it's Redrum-tastic!
Season of the Sun
A delightfully trippy artistic interpretation of the biosphere concept
The Greatest Scenes Where Epic Heroes Ask a Random Priest for Advice
For the weekend: Awesome animated  aliens
Monsters University: Pixar's Golden Age is Probably Over But That's OK
This 3D-printed battery can fit on the head of a pin
Revolting clip from Under the Dome shows Stephen King's dark side
One of the past decade's most underrated novels is now a short film
A New Equation Reveals Our Exact Odds of Finding Alien Life
DC's Superman & Wonder Woman is about them screwing, apparently
Trapped stardust looks exactly how you think it would
14 Scifi and Fantasy Movies That Killed Actors' Careers
The Pitfalls of Monster Diplomacy, in an Exclusive Kaijudo Clip
Independence Day 2 is actually happening, has a release date
World War Z fails the zombie bite test
Burning Down the House on Devil's Night
Can The Rock save the Terminator franchise? Do you even want him to?
What psychologists can learn about you based on what you draw
See the all-new, live-action Gatchaman team in action!
Colliding galaxies take on the shape of a penguin guarding its egg
See MIT do the famous "Monkey and a Gun" demonstration
25,000 Bees Discovered Dead in Oregon Parking Lot
NASA's latest Morpheus test proves it's got some catching up to do
Hints and Rumors for Captain America, Doctor Strange and Tomorrowland!
Quite possibly the most demented movie of the 1970s getting a reissue
How science created the world's most controversial puppet show
R.I.P. Parke Godwin, World Fantasy Award-winning Author
This death mask just sold for $260,000. Can you guess whose it is?
Person of Interest Available For Download At Last
The Beautiful Land is a great love story disguised as a thriller
Frankenstein Upstairs, Monstrous Hipsters Downstairs
Watch as this liquid nitrogen pool party goes horribly wrong
The Crumbling Chaos of Abandoned Amusement Parks
What to do if you find a wee baby dromaeosaurus out of its nest
New images from Divergent show off the future ruins of Chicago
What story made you fall in love with science fiction and fantasy?
Behold the devastating power of the flooded River Ganges
The most terrifying Terminator of all is, of course, Woody Allen
See the first ultra-high resolution, 3D scan of the entire human brain
Supreme Court acknowledges that sex workers are human beings
John Hodgman explains the end of the world to you
Everything You Didn't Know About the Making of Monsters University
Locke & Key is FINALLY getting made into a movie
At last, a realistic and emotionally intense movie about uploading
RDJ will definitely be Iron Man in Avengers 2 and 3
Free Screening of Neil Jordan's New Vampire Movie Byzantium
We Can Make It to the Edge of the Observable Universe in a Few Decades
The American Medical Association has declared obesity a disease
12 Most Unfaithful Movie Versions of Science Fiction and Fantasy Books
This amazing R2-D2 cake can project a holographic Leia
All hail the Periodic Table of Muppets
Scientists have figured out why naked mole rats don’t get cancer
Official casting call reveals the characters in Star Wars: Episode VII
Would you magically reset your country to only its native species?
Hemlock Grove gets a second season on Netflix
The Most Important Scenes from Man of Steel (As I Remember Them)
This bizarre optical illusion dance is way more fun than it should be
Why is NASA studying these concentric stone rings?
What do you do when your work becomes obsolete?
This pathetic GIF could be the first message aliens receive from us
Check out new videos for Pacific Rim, R.I.P.D., and World War Z!
How could we engineer humans to have more empathy?
We Got a Narrator Over Here: Neil Tyson to Voice Planetarium Show
NASA unveils a spellbinding billion-pixel panorama of Mars
No, dolphins are not your 'therapists.' So just stop it.
Real-Life Flying Saucers Prove That the Truth Is Right Here
The robot revolution movie from the Zombieland writers has a director
A teenager's brain, converted into a binary decision tree
Behold a piece of art that could only be created in zero gravity
By 2100, there could be 11 billion people on the planet
Why, God, why: The Disney Princesses as space warrior-strippers
What's the worst Star Trek episode of all time?
Mary Jane has been edited out of  Amazing Spider-Man 2
We are way off target if we hope to feed everyone by 2050
HOLY CRAP, this puppet from King Kong: The Musical is INSANE
Could Spider-Man really come over to Marvel's movie universe?
Millionaire in the machine
How The World's End lives up to the legacy of Shaun of the Dead
This Is Why Spider Monogamy Is Terrifying
Check out Batman's weird enemies and weirder head in Beware the Batman
All of Your Biggest Pacific Rim  Questions, Answered!
Jonathan Demme is directing the pilot for AMC's mysterious new show
Looking for an extra boost of creativity? Try dimming the lights.
Feed your inner maths nerd with this TI-83 T-Shirt
9 Hipster Zombies Who Took Over the World
Mechanic accused of inventing a death ray for Israel and/or the KKK
This breathtaking short film is becoming a TV series
A map showing the original meanings of place names in North America
Every zombie headshot ever assembled into one glorious supercut
Pixar's latest short will make you believe your whole city is alive
With Current Budget, NASA Will Never Get to Mars
Here’s the Dream Team That Should Be Making the Dark Tower TV Show
This is what happens when you play with fire in space
Modern life moves way too fast, and we all take our pleasures sadly
Vin Diesel tells us why Riddick is one big game of Dungeons & Dragons
Here's the first smash-happy trailer for Hulk and the Agents of SMASH
Holy crap, did the Enterprise just fly past the moon?
The Man of Steel Easter Egg That May Set Up the Sequel
Maybe those Doctor Who missing episodes rumors are true after all?
Could The LEGO Movie be the greatest film of all time?
Warehouse 13 still has the ability to punch you in the gut
This Floating Fortress is Also a Farm
Morgan Freeman joins Luc Besson's "superpowered drug mule" movie Lucy
What's Jor-El thinking during  Man of Steel's Kryptonian Civil War?
These Cthulhu-esque photos will change the way you look at stink bugs
How the Tech Industry Is Quietly Changing the Face of American Cities
Giant Optical Illusions That Transform Buildings and Cities
BioShock Creator Writing the Logan's Run Remake
Tell the U.S. government what you think about human spaceflight
Mulder and Scully return to solve the mystery of This Week’s Comics!
New echo-detecting app could allow humans to 'see' like bats
Who's your favorite back-stabbing anti-hero?
Italian neuroscientists launch a "telepathy" advertising firm
The Cyborg Age is Upon Us
These Are The Fantastical Victorian Off-Roaders That Didn't Exist
Watch as Mexico's Popocatepetl volcano tears a hole in the sky!
Whose Life Sucks More: Spider-Man or Daredevil?
Did the Higgs boson discovery reveal that the universe is unnatural?
Yeah, Schrodinger. Take that!
The Coolest Fantasy Story You'll Read This Week
I Don't Want to See Zack Snyder's Take on Wonder Woman
Man runs on top of an active lava flow, is an idiot
Learn how booze could save your life in the poster for Grabbers
Astonishing World War Z concept art shows a zombie mosh pit
A long anthropological debate may be on the cusp of resolution
When Non-Nerds Troll: Esquire's Wrong-Headed, Amateur-Hour Assault on…
So much depends on Appalachian salamanders
This virtual dissection table is incredible [potentially NSFW]
io9 Book Club Reminder: Meeting 7/2 to Discuss The Shining Girls
10 Classic Star Trek Plot Devices That Could Inspire The Next Movie
Would you copy your mind to a robotic body-double?
Teaser for Disney's Frozen trades Snow Queens for Reindeer Dogs
Monsters! Starbuck! Vin Diesel! Our Epic Visit to the Riddick Set!
Here we go again, writer hired to pen Prometheus 2
Who the hell are the Justice League 3000?
When tornados strike, which way do they travel?
It looks like PayPal is making a move to be the first bank in space
Our ability to pay close attention is both a blessing and a curse
Plague comes to Defiance town and someone’s gonna die
Ryan Reynolds flees the Highlander remake
Researchers Discover 280 Hidden Craters on the Moon
New Photos and Videos from the Godzilla and Transformers 4 Sets!
True Blood premiere switches from vampire politics to threesomes
WTF: A Steven Spielberg Show Where The Cute Kid is the Best Character
Chimpanzees: A (mostly) endangered species
Your Fix of Sexy Japanese Cyborgs With Weaponized Breasts
The Coolest Flags in Human History
Nothing is more mysterious and terrifying than . . . The Coffee Table!
The one crucial takeaway from the Supreme Court ruling on DNA patents
Visit The Forbidden Moonshine Caverns of the Appalachians
Henchman 21 destroys SPHINX while  Venture Bros. skewers G.I.Joe
Get ready for The Amazing Spider-Man 3 and 4!
This is the fastest and most adorable robotic cat yet
How Darwin helped invent the idea of aliens
Reading The Martian Chronicles in Tehran
Which tragically canceled TV show deserves to be a movie?
Rumors of recovered Doctor Who episodes apparently just a hoax
Harlan Ellison fights Cthulhu with Scooby Doo in This Week’s DVDs
Neil Gaiman explores the murkiest waters of all: childhood memories
You know Stark bannermen are hiding at your office when you see THIS
First Awesome Footage from The Legend of Korra Book 2
Russia Lied About How The First Man In Space Died
This low-budget space opera has everything we've been missing lately
Everything You Know About Jules Verne is Probably Wrong
Scientists may have discovered how cancer spreads around the body
What Can I Do with a Smartwatch and Should I Get One?
When assholes use the Force
Why your dinosaurs are about to be killed by Daleks
Y: The Last Man movie might actually get made!
9 Examples of Bizarre Obsessions in Anime and Manga
Iain M. Banks explains why the Culture will never end
These seven Despicable Me 2 clips are killing us with cute
WiFi gesture recognition lets you control objects through walls
This Week's TV: Are you ready to say goodbye to Futurama forever?
Captain Harlock may be the most awesome scifi flick of the year
This clip makes us more excited than ever about the Plan 9 remake
The Future of Civil Disobedience Online
This is what it’s like to shake hands with the future
Riddick keeps his deadly word in an action-packed new Riddick trailer
Dim Star Becomes 7 Times Hotter in 160 Seconds
Your willpower is finite
Could another DC Comics superhero reach movie screens by 2015?
See how a lost city was rediscovered with lasers from the sky
Martian chemicals are great for microbes, possibly toxic to humans
GPS maps reveal where cats go all day
What if Pixar remade Flash Gordon and other pulp classics?
These weird stories prove that extraterrestrials love Russia
How do you train a boxing robot? Very carefully.
These Photos Of NYC's Subway Project Are Astonishing
Crowdfund cyborg cockroaches and horror comics for sleepless nights
Gaze upon all of Mercury for the first time ever
Why Orphan Black's Tatiana Maslany deserves an Emmy nomination
Lego Will Make a Mars Curiosity Rover Set
Crocheted Plants vs. Zombies dolls are ready to battle over your lawn
Do you have a favorite scifi memory of your dad?
Winter Soldier set photos show off Captain America's new costume
This is a real photo of a fake sunrise
Watch the world's longest domino chain made of books
How science fiction helped me through my grief
The super ladies of DC don hipster fashions on their days off
Forgotten arcade games let you shoot space men and catch live lobsters
Get lost in the hypnotic swirl of this simulated black hole
If bees go extinct, this is what your supermarket will look like
This marvelous student film is as polished as a feature cartoon
The Powerpuff Girls battle the Pink Robots in cartoon/album mashups
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Monsters that Crashed the Prom
George Lucas is Darth Vader and more, in Celebration Europe's Art Show
Lest We Forget, Brown Kids Absolutely Deserve More Brown Superheroes
Keep your guinea pig protected with a rodent-sized suit of armor
A page from The Walking Dead incredibly recreated in cross-stitch
Continuum reveals the most unexpected drawback of changing the future
Fake video game retells JJ Abrams' first Star Trek film in 90 seconds
What would happen if Superman punched you in the face?
Meet the world's greatest—and girliest—webcomic warrior
Game of Thrones Season 3 recapped through hilarious infographics
Watch the first eight minutes of the new Ghost in the Shell anime
George Takei guest stars on Spider-Man plus a bizarre Pac-Man revival
Just Going One Event Horizon Over, Be Back Soon
Agent Coulson holding Action Figure Coulson will warm your heart
How a whale can hold its breath underwater for up to an hour
These Buildings Are Made Out of Ships
When you can see the Earth reflected in the clouds
The Entire Premise of True Blood Explained in 36 GIFs
Just a Friendly Reminder That Star Trek Fans Rule at Cosplay
12 Stories That Have Inspired People To Do Stupid Things In Real Life
Is Man of Steel all about Jesus? Warner Bros hopes Christians think so
Think your city's skyline is big? That's cute.
See for yourself how Europa Report brings life back to space movies
This is a gibbon tightroping across a perfectly good bridge
What classic space opera novel do you want to see on the big screen?
500-million-year-old Trilobites Now on View
The man who tried to make human-ape hybrids
Man Of Steel Is Not A Bad Game. Just A Bad Superman Game.
Ancient craters on Mars may have been oases for life
This video of a drone with a gun will freak you the hell out
What are neutrinos, and how do they come from beyond our solar system?
The only Tesla item you need this weekend
The Most Exciting Doctor Who Rumor in Years
What if Shakespeare wrote Star Wars? "Alas, poor Stormtrooper!"
We Want You . . . to Become a Scientist!
This Weekend, Celebrate 50 Years of Women in Space
This is the totally bonkers story of the US/Canada border
Man of Steel: Worth It Just For The Super-Powered Combat
We're scared of this Toothless cosplay from How to Train Your Dragon
Deep Magic brings exotic spells and wizard schools to your RPG
The Science Delusion argues that science wrecks truth and beauty
The 2013 "Dance Your Ph.D." competition has officially begun!
This alien world shouldn't even exist
Dad tries to name all the Game of Thrones characters in one sitting
Fill an egg with crystals this weekend
Listen to Neil deGrasse Tyson Funk the Universe
A map of all the rivers in the United States, and nothing else
Check out crazy set photos and videos for the Captain America sequel!
New Elysium trailer is f*cking AWESOME
The demographic science behind the 92,901 reported deaths in Syria
Could this be the secret to limb regrowth in humans?
Now THIS is the urban fantasy heroine we want
Scientists discover an entirely new teeny tiny body part
Watch this superhero documentary, or Wonder Woman will spin out!
The Very Best Dick Jokes from Science Fiction and Fantasy Movies
This is the scariest chart you'll see this week
Ever Seen a Four-Planet Sunset?
Did men create menopause by chasing after younger women?
What's the worst example of a badass who got wimpified?
U.S. Supreme Court Says Human Genes Can't Be Patented. Sort of.
Massive Floods Are Coming. We Are Not Prepared.
A Time Capsule from 1930s Paris
Amazon Sales of George Orwell's 1984 Shot Up 7,000% This Week
Everybody is trying to kill Bill in three new True Blood clips!
Daenerys' whole storyline on Game of Thrones is messed up
Why environmentalists embrace nuclear power
Are Paul Krugman's 1996 predictions about 2096 already coming true?
Is the Earth getting heavier?
Hobbit actors fuel the cycle of squee with this fan reaction video
10 Superhero Reboots That Actually Stuck Around
These insects are touring a sunken flower city
Buffy writer Marti Noxon will reboot Lara Croft for film
This New Video Map of Space Will Make You Feel Utterly Insignificant
Massive collection of Akira concept art shows the movie that never was
Zoomable Photo of San Francisco in 1938 is Like Old-Timey Google Earth
This medical condition turns muscle to bone
These two psychological tricks will get people to do you favors
Watching Hans Rosling explain the world with LEGO is a wonderful thing
The oldest man to have ever lived has died
Neill Blomkamp still wants to make that District 9 sequel someday
They'll Never Catch Him Now
First Trailer for 300: Rise of an Empire Delivers Hot, Sweaty Action
On the importance of storytelling in science
Are these really the most essential epic fantasy books ever written?
Ex-NSA Official's Advice to Edward Snowden: Lawyer Up, Watch Your Back
No, China is not conducting a giant eugenics project
The Weird and Occasionally WTF World of Matchbox Art
Say hello to the particle accelerator of the future
Honest Disney Movie Posters give it to us straight
How Unborn Turtles Choose To Become Male or Female
Now you can smell just like Stan Lee — on purpose!
Mario & Mega Man: Together at Last
This Is the End May Be the Greatest Stoner Movie Ever Made
Look which characters we caught kissing on the Captain America 2 set!
Which Star Wars EU character do you want to see in the new movies?
The awesome trailer for Lunar reveals the dark side of robocops
Enjoy These Hi-Res Scans Of Weird Wheels Trading Cards
Exclusive Man of Steel concept art shows Zod's Kryptonian armor
New Wolverine Trailer, Now With Twice The Mutant Acid Spit Action
These Unresolved Ethical Questions Are About to Get Real
Darth Vader goes to Burger Chef, finds lack of onion rings disturbing
Read the story that launched Warner Bros.' new alien invasion movie
We finally have an accurate measurement of a cheetah's top speed
The Shiny, Dystopian and Post-Apocalyptic K-Pop Future
New Project to Message Aliens is Both Useless and Potentially Reckless
12 Weirdest Moments From Superman: The Movie
Paramount wants  The Terminator distribution rights!
Revolution derails the last train on earth in the Snowpiercer trailer
Coming Soon: Cities That Are Ecosystems
Why it might be possible to go snowboarding on Mars
How to freeze water in about half a second
A better look at the Smaug the Terrible and other Hobbit 2 secrets
Why the hell didn't the Green Lanterns pick Superman?
You can be allergic to water
The Webcomic Guide to Quantum Physics
Here's what Electro will sound like in Amazing Spider-Man 2
A museum of robotic equipment used during the Chernobyl disaster
Just how involved will Joss Whedon be in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
Secret Cinema recreates Brazil, and the results are beautiful
Superheroes in Bondage, as Photographed by Richard Kadrey [NSFW]
For an episode about growing up, the new Warehouse 13 felt... regressed
Fox Plans To Reboot Choose Your Own Adventure, World Chooses No
The Just Cause Guys Are Making A Mad Max Game
These Are Some Of The Worst Architectural Disasters in History
Floating robotic spheres will be used to play games in space next year
Which Classic Science Fiction Movie Do You Hope Never Gets a Remake?
Deadpool vs. Moby Dick leads this week’s exceptionally weird comics
Photos of Germany's worst flood in years presage a watery future
A German Bomber From WWII Has Been Raised From the Dead
Witness the terrifying birth of a supercell thunderstorm
This new UFO snapshot will make a believer out of you
In Stranded, Christian Slater's moonbase turns into a slaughterhouse
Deviant Focus: Capturing the romance of space exploration
How much of the books will we see next year on Game of Thrones?
DJ HODOR IS IN THE HODOR
Watch the short that inspired Neill Blomkamp's next movie Chappie
Spoiler-Free Preview of Stephen King's New TV Show Under the Dome
Exclusive Look at Kate Beaton's Illustrations for a Brand New YA Novel
The Most Pointless Rules for Young Epic Heroes in Training
China launches three astronauts to its prototype space station
First Real Trailer For The Hobbit: Desolation of Smaug
7 Totally Unexpected Outcomes That Could Follow the Singularity
Quite possibly the creepiest fashion statement ever made
Check out Captain America's new uniform from The Winter Soldier!
The Most Epic Music Videos About Space Travel
Insanely detailed Ghostbusters documentary gives Slimer ADD
Beloved ISS Commander Chris Hadfield Is Retiring
A few things do beat an astronaut, at least in Defiance
Rat poison strychnine was an early performance-enhancing drug
Can you guess the subject of this photograph?
Robots can learn by imagining the existence of people
World's Greatest Wedding Photo NOW WITH STAR WARS
Man of Steel gets sequel and may have saved Justice League
Watch this mesmerizing timelapse of Hawaii's lava flows
George R.R. Martin insists Game of Thrones won't catch up to his books
Company That Sold Controversial Cosplay Body Pillows is Backing Down
Really, Falling Skies? You're going to do the Cylon glowing spine sex?
Dust storms are on the rise in the American west
Legendary author Brian Aldiss reflects on years of strange book covers
The Soviet Union's space-themed stamps will make you love Cosmonauts
The Greatest Science Fiction-Themed Bars and Restaurants on Earth
High-res World War Z photos only fuel our mixed emotions
The total number of breweries in the U.S., from 1887 to present
Important Whistleblowers Who Changed America
Super-Weird Facts That You Probably Didn't Know About Superman
Hansel and Gretel hunt the witches of Oz in This Week’s DVDs
HBO's next big TV series The Spark is all about aliens
Phantasmagoric visions of tomorrow, straight out of 1980s Japan
A New Star Wars Battlefront Is On the Way
Drinkable Water Once Flowed on Mars
Dogs love sticking their heads out the window even more at warp speed
Did Game of Thrones finally explain where power really comes from?
More Apple Maps glitches depict a disturbing, surreal world
Venturestein returns to lead a monstrous revolution in Venture Bros.
A no-nonsense introduction to the worst pollutant on the planet
Behold your new YA movie crush, Four from Divergent
11 Rules of Good Writing That Iain M. Banks Left as His Legacy
What is the worst robot of all time?
New True Blood trailer reminds us why we watch this show: For Jessica
Have you ever seen clouds in the middle of a room and wondered why?
The end of the world isn't as likely as humans fighting back
This Week's TV: True Blood is back. Plus who wanted a Pac-Man cartoon?
Meet the passengers of Snowpiercer's last train on Earth
What is wind?
No, this is not what our stupid faces will look like in 100,000 years
Extreme close-up of the Winter Solider gives good crazy eyes
What does a heart's sine function look like?
This Game of Thrones cover features Jon Snow on the bongos
Watch the first-ever footage of a live 8-foot long oarfish
How stereotypes really do cloud your mind
J.J. Abrams confirms likely Star Wars: Episode VII filming plans!
A hacker blows up the government in Roland Emmerich's latest trailer
TSA Attempts to Confiscate Chewbacca Actor's Light Saber-Shaped Cane
This "comet factory" reveals first secrets of planetary formation
Edward Snowden, the NSA Whistleblower, Explains Why He Did It
So wait, why don't birds have penises?
I ate fried caterpillars—and so can you
Behold the first poster for The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
Stunning Behind-the-Scenes Photos Show Iconic Movies in a New Light
Crowdfund a quest to put a TARDIS in orbit and more
Maurice Sendak gets an animated Google Doodle for his 85th birthday
The Doctor is the Cheshire Cat to Amy Pond's Alice in Wonderland
A short film that proves even noble vampires can be horrifying
Penguin Book Cover Wallpaper lets you coat your walls in literature
Iain M. Banks, author of the Culture novels, has passed away
Long-exposure photographs of fireflies create magical forest scenes
How many people really went through with the Milgram Experiment?
Is this the face of our new Doctor?
Six Abandoned Asylums with Genuinely Chilling Backstories
DC and Marvel characters combine to form the ultimate superheroes
These Miniature Spy Cameras Could Make You The Perfect James Bond
Why Voice Actors Matter
In Da Vinci's Demons' season finale, the Pazzi conspiracy is revealed
Three 15th-century figures try to alter fate by moving the stars
Watch the rotation of a binary asteroid and its orbiting moon
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Robot Barista
More than meets the eye, Daleks in disguise
Surprisingly beautiful photographs of decaying cans of human remains
A stop-motion animated short, entirely hand-drawn on sticky notes
Continuum turns its time-traveling cop into... a superhero?
How common is your birthday?
The goddamn Batman and other comic characters invade Adventure Time
Purgatory is a trek through a bottomless dungeon in Penultimate Quest
What it's like to climb to the top of the world's tallest building
AT-AT liquor cabinet, perfect for Sterling Cooper's Death Star office
New Iron Man Armor and Thor Shrinkage on Ultimate Spider-Man
The Perfect Spaceport for Every Pirate to Stash the Booty
A lovely short film that will distract you from crappy reality
The legend of Isaac Newton's most foolish (and cat-friendly) invention
Human-Powered Ferris Wheel: "You have to see it to believe it"
Gorgeous Floating Buildings Around the World
This fascinating experiment dramatically extended the lives of mice
First World War Z reviews: It's not a total waste of time
Did Emmerich just replace Independence Day 2 with this alien movie?
This shot of Curiosity's wheels makes us feel like we're right there
Star Wars producer is expanding one of the year's best short films
Much Ado About Nothing proves Joss Whedon is still a comedy genius
And now, a wine carafe shaped like blood vessels
The Apocalypse comedy Rapture-Palooza will make you hail Satan
Want to see a train crash into a nuclear containment pod?
This contact lens could eventually make Google Glass obsolete
Gorgeous Footage of Last Weekend's Surprise Aurora Borealis
Criminologists explain why RoboCop, Dredd and Running Man make sense
Denzel Washington is Making Another Dystopian Movie
How quick and intense workouts can help you get fitter
Finally, we have invented a machine that draws penises for us
Nature names you should never, ever give your child
Author Austin Grossman is answering your questions from 12-1 PT today!
10 Star Wars Characters Who Needlessly Met Han Solo
Unholy animal hybrids, as drawn by science illustrators
The Best Comic Reader App for Android
How to turn a comet into a solar probe
The Lego House is going to be Lego paradise
The Purge could be this year's most hamfisted political movie
Pics of actors laughing between takes are instant smiles
Today in ruined childhoods: No Country for Old Muppets
Using quantum mechanics to detect bombs
The first Phineas and Ferb: Mission Marvel trailer is delightfully fun
The experiment that first hinted at the existence of DNA
Slut Shaming and Concern Trolling in Geek Culture
Sorry, but these pot heads did not send marijuana into space
Set photos reveal epic fight scenes in X-Men and Captain America 2!
How the U.S. Government Waged War Against the House of Tomorrow
A harbour seal floats majestically through a forest of kelp
Watch as a UFO loops its way into Popocatepetl volcano
This Han Solo-in-Carbonite lightswitch is clearly turned on
The Secret World of Underground Bunkers
Court rules that prisoners are allowed to read interspecies erotica
Is there a difference between necessary and unnecessary bad science?
What is the one drug you would pay almost anything for?
Star Trek Into Darkness concept art shows off the rebooted Klingons
The Ghost in the Shell crew really love those Microsoft Surfaces
The editor of SFWA's bulletin resigns over sexist articles
The most incredible thing you'll watch today is this video of sand…
Mulan: A One Woman Show is Absolutely Amazing
Why You Should Fight For Your Right to Die
Our clearest view yet of Antarctica stripped of all its ice
Is there a technological fix for racism? These scientists say yes.
My Own Personal Doctor Who Adventure
Man of Steel saves the best trailer for last
Why You Should Never Write Action Scenes For Your Blockbuster Movie
Google Glass is only "Stage One" in a three-stage evolution
How will space colonists access the Internet on Mars?
Did Neal Stephenson's Snow Crash predict the world of today?
This Man Had The Equivalent Of A Teleportation Device In 1901
The "Rapunzel Syndrome" Is a Little-Known Medical Horror
When it comes to exoplanets, science fiction lags way behind science
Hollywood wants an Archie Comics Zombie Movie Mashup -- no, really
10 Sources That Inspired Game of Thrones' Dark Storytelling
Finally, something to do with those nasty modern pennies
Ask a Physicist ... And Win a Book!
How two dumb kids with an axe almost destroyed She-Ra
Human Centipede Where's Waldo is way easier than regular Where's Waldo
A year's worth of solar activity in one mindblowing image
Rachel McAdams and Jeff Bridges to revive The Little Prince
How to Build an Army in Space
Watch what happens when you drop hot charcoal into liquid oxygen
The psychology experiment that involved real beheadings
31 Bizarre Medical Conditions in under 420 seconds
Gigantic feral cats are wreaking havoc on Australia's wildlife
Joss Whedon can't see making The Avengers 2 without Robert Downey Jr.
Docking at the Biological City's Space Port
What can we learn from the real superhumans among us?
The World's Most Bizarre Aircraft Graveyards
Should killer robots be a human rights issue?
More Lovely Concept Art of Our Future Space Armadas
Neil Gaiman explains why the new Doctor shouldn't be someone famous
The "grumpy cat" movie is a harbinger of the apocalypse
Nothing Can Possibly Go Wrong is your happy place. With robots.
What the @#$% is going on with the new Gatchaman anime
San Francisco io9ers: Win Free Tickets to See World War Z this Friday
Lightspeed Presents: "The Ballad of Marisol Brook" by Sarah Grey
See Hasbro's awesome SDCC'13 exclusives you'll never be able to buy
What's the most far-fetched dystopia?
Learn to evaluate the works of Joss Whedon with the Whedonic Calculus
J.J. Abrams will resurrect Rod Serling's famous lost screenplay
And Now, Another Educational Fact About Eating Squid Sperm
Is Grayson Earth One the Nightwing series you've always wanted?
Continuum gets a third season already
Paleontologists have discovered the oldest complete primate skeleton
Desperately Wanted Item Of The Day: The 3D-Printed Space Toolbox
This helicopter is being controlled by a human brain
Epic Encounter: Giant Squid and Sperm Whale
This incredible statistic shows why cities are critical to the future
10 Genres that Superheroes Have Swallowed Up
30 seconds into the Insidious 2 trailer and we're already screaming
An exclusive look inside the 12-year war that leads to Pacific Rim
Couples who meet online tend to have better marriages
First look at Evangeline Lilly as the elf Tauriel in The Hobbit 2
The Last of Us: The Kotaku Review
What will happen if Robert Downey Jr. stops being Iron Man?
Why the sky doesn't turn green at sunset
These vintage Dutch safety posters are stunning, completely terrifying
The brutally honest Last Airbender trailer (emphasis on the brutal)
Watch as Buzz Aldrin massacres "She Blinded Me With Science"
See Lois Lane and Perry White square off in a new Man of Steel clip!
After the megavolcano, life as a street cat was pretty much the same
Read the first chapter of Celebromancy!
We could watch this bouncing water droplet all. Day. Long.
The story behind this woman's face transplant is simply incredible
Spaceship concept art that will blow your post-apocalyptic mind
Jennifer Lynch directs possibly the best Warehouse 13 episode ever
F*ck Yeah! There's Gonna be a Fables Movie!
The World’s First Mind-controlled Exoskeleton!
Famous Scifi And Fantasy Authors In Their Workspaces
Thousands of silkworms and one robot made this intricate sculpture
What is the greatest Batman story of all time?
Revolution finally pulls out a great episode for its season finale
Kick-Ass, The Crow and Astro City return to rule This Week’s Comics!
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk Austin Grossman's YOU
Our intergalactic neighbourhood is more prominent than we thought
Want to go to space? First, you must live in this dome for 2 years.
Destroy or Save Metropolis in the new Superman game Hero's Flight
What We Want From Doctor Who's Next Doctor
The Science Behind De-Extinction
Orphan Black Says Thanks With Hilarious Season Two Spoilers
10 Shocking TV Deaths That Kept You on the Couch for Weeks
An Indispensible Tribute to Space: 1999 Creator Gerry Anderson
This incredible image reveals two galaxies that orbit the Milky Way
To everyone sad and mad about Game of Thrones: it gets better
After Earth: The Spoiler FAQ
Hey, GoT's Benioff and Weiss were traumatized by the episode too
Why do most people on Earth drive on the right side of the road?
The experiment that showed how DNA replicates itself
Tony Stark cuts through the Paperman flirting with cocktails
William Shatner reads his version of Where the Wild Things Are to kids
Summon a Sliver Hive in Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014
And now, electrical workers playing with high voltage power lines
First trailers for The 100, The Originals and even more CW shows
These stunning maps were made entirely from geotagged tweets
When Razor Rain comes to Defiance, so too does Klingon Space Jesus
Why does this bizarro asteroid have a million-kilometer-long tail?
Get ready for a truly insane Star Wars: Episode VII casting rumor!
This woman is bodypainted with a gene linked to breast cancer [NSFW?]
This is the End clips reveal a much funnier movie than we'd expected
A New Science Fiction Anthology About Exoplanets That Really Exist
Abaddon's Gate is literary space opera at its absolute best
It's time we did away with the stigma surrounding mental health
A Treasury of Flying Cars, from the Golden Age of Aviation
Government Ship Launch Looks Badass But Goes Crazy Wrong
A Classic Doctor Who Creator Forced to Rewatch 1980s Special Effects
Zombies, aliens and Erik Estrada invade this week’s DVDs
It's official: The sale of Night Shade Books is going through
When would you want to be cryogenically frozen? (And for how long?)
This "alien bluegrass band" movie is seriously delightful
The Venture Bros. return (finally) and it's like they never left
Massive collection of Man Of Steel pics are full of Super Spoilers
Deviant Focus: The Fantastic Colors of Carlos Lerma
The Russian Eccentric Who Wants to Make Surrogates a Reality
Remember Me: The Kotaku Review
The Video Game You Never Saw in Wreck-It Ralph!
Could we find alien civilizations using infrared light?
Why do we sit through the brutality of Game of Thrones every week?
Lego unveils Ewok Village set for all your Lego Ewok massacre needs
Doctor Who's Noel Clarke directing a thriller, with Ian Somerhalder!
DO NOT WANT: Cosplay mashup of the Joker and Ronald McDonald
11 Jaw-dropping Weapons From World War II You Probably Never Heard Of
Ron Moore's time-traveling love story Outlander is a go!
New Kick-Ass 2 trailer reveals plot beyond just people kicking asses
This Week's TV: 8 Big Premieres, Including One Show You MUST Watch
So this is where all our greenhouse gases come from
This 'disco ball' is the densest object orbiting the solar system
This Is The Incredibly Swirling North Polar Ice Cap Of Mars
The less-than-impressive way Man of Steel will connect to Batman
This could be the lightest alien planet ever captured on camera
The 100+ Best Tweets about last night's Game of Thrones
How deadly are the world's tallest mountains?
Finally, a successor to the Concorde takes shape
Patrick Stewart reveals crazy production details for new X-Men movie!
The original Star Wars trilogy as playful pulp novel covers
260-million-year-old fossil reveals the evolution of turtle shells
In Orphan Black's riveting season finale, even family can't be trusted
These Illustrated Movie Cars Are Absolutely Perfect
Photos of Famous Landmarks While They Were Still Under Construction
Neil Armstrong didn't misspeak on the Moon. That's how Ohioans talk.
Crowdfund a new game from Double Fine and a Manos puppet musical
Research Suggests That Left-Pawed Dogs Are Just Slightly Evil
Batman reimagined as a 1970s grindhouse flick
Someone's Going to Dig Up Atari's Infamous New Mexico Landfill
Could Soylent really replace all of the food in your diet?
Hospital rebrands chemotherapy as DC-themed "superformula" for kids
Bookmakers are already placing odds on the next Doctor Who actor
Explore the internal anatomy of the David's head slice by meaty slice
When you have a story so unbelievable, everyone thinks you're crazy
A guy chases his dream girl through all our favorite '80s movies
Game of Thrones fan art that makes us want to slap King Joffrey
Samurai Batman chases down the Joker in a woodblock-inspired print
See a city made of bread decompose in a moldy apocalypse
The Strangest Alcoholic Beverages Ever to Touch a Human Tongue
Farewell, Eleven: Matt Smith is leaving Doctor Who
Boy tries to become a superhero in the violence of Trinidad and Tobago
'Men Draw What They Want To See:' Marvel Ed Takes Down The Male Gaze
What if classic children's books starred comic book characters?
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Flight of the Fish Airships
Da Vinci finds the Sword in the Stone in the Vatican's secret archive
The Ninth and Eleventh Doctors meet after all—in puppet form
Cool, cool, cool: Dan Harmon is officially back on Community!
Nerdists search for lightsaber stolen from Star Wars charity event
Portal-themed bedroom isn't a lie, is incredible
Adam West and Burt Ward will go batty on Futurama
A highly imaginative webcomic filled with absurdity and astronauts
Bloated Tick + Hydrogen Peroxide = A Bloody Disgusting Eruption
Would you upload your aging parent's consciousness to a nursing home?
A new Yoda Lego adventure and the premiere of SheZow!
This is not an error in your map app -- it is a real road
Lauren Beukes' amazing serial killer novel will become a TV series
Doctor Who's Karen Gillan playing a villain in Guardians of the Galaxy
A lot of UFOs are visiting Vancouver lately
In this incredible photo, St. Elmo's Fire lights up an observatory
The Weirdest and Fiercest Helmets from the Age of Armored Combat
Random Doctor Who plot generator is an addictive time sink
Guys Who Are Full of Themselves Get the Girl
What does the Michigan Fish Test say about you?
Look inside the pages of Heath Ledger's "Joker Diary"
The io9 Guide to Science Fiction and Fantasy in June!
Two possible ways that life evolved in ice
Watch the Star Wars logo evolve right before your eyes
Star Trek: The Wine is now a thing that exists
1 in 13 humans has chimp-like feet
Del Toro goes inside the heads of Pacific Rim's Jaegers (literally)
This experiment proved that anyone could design a nuclear weapon
This Saturday, 6/1: io9 Meetup in San Francisco!
Nathan Fillion comes inbetween Mike and Sully in new Monsters U. clips
Here's what Pangea looks like mapped with modern political borders
The First Images of Molecules Breaking and Reforming Chemical Bonds
A Strong Candidate for Greatest Science Fiction Dance Sequence Ever
Things are looking bad for Space Battleship Yamato, but awesome for us
Warning: This brief clip from The Wall will creep you the hell out
Did Transformers 4 Rip Off This Guy's Design For The New Bumblebee?
Alien teens can be just as godawful as human ones in CW's Star-Crossed
The 10 Totally Awesome Rules of Evolution in Science Fiction
Travelers to Mars would face a lifetime's worth of radiation exposure
Google Honors Inventor of Petri Dish with Gross/Awesome Doodle
Shyamalan's new film is a huge disappointment (because it's not awful)
New Theory Explains Moon’s Wonky Gravity
Holy crap it's a hot pink slug
The time the Hulk battled baseball, capitalism and a giant rooster
Burn a message into a piece of paper like a total badass
This tiny hummingbird's nest is almost too precious to believe
Damn, this periodic table is beautiful
It's the first look at Captain America 2‘s Winter Soldier!
The Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Villain Rumor That Was Too Good to Be True
This simple space story is the most beautiful thing you'll watch today
Unusual binary asteroid zooms past Earth tomorrow
Does the summer's biggest young adult novel live up to the hype?
What's the Most Gratuitous Comic Book Death of All Time?
That time The Fonz partied with Marvel superheroes
Gorgeous Vintage Advertisements for Heroin, Cannabis and Cocaine
In the future, we'll all have intelligent drones as pets
NASA totally found a squirrel on Mars and didn't tell anybody
I'd Collect The Hell Out Of These Game of Thrones Magic Cards
Bruce Timm is back, and teaming up with Zack Snyder for more Superman
Futurama's John DiMaggio explains why Adventure Time baffled him
Want to hear a neanderthal say the letter "E"?
The Purge clips show the downside to legalizing crime. Who knew?
Women will ‘evolve out’ of menopause
Gender-swapping superhero's creator responds to right-wing backlash
"How Iron Man 3 Should Have Ended" is 100% right
Could a notorious party drug be the next psychiatric breakthrough?
Kinky people have better mental health than everyone else
Jaden Smith Dressed as Iron Man to Take Kylie Jenner Shopping
7 Bad Storytelling Habits That We All Learned from Superhero Comics
This New Music Video Recycles Soviet Space Imagery Quite Well
This is the world's earliest bird
Did everyone 3,000 years ago have a voice in their head?
Gorgeous circuitboard animals guaranteed to melt your face
First look at The Tomorrow People = Heroes plus X-Men times The CW
These are the strangest landscapes on Earth (according to Sierra Club)
Why the Venture Bros. creators want you to know nothing about Season 5
Arnold Schwarzenegger: Terminator 5 is still alive
George R. R. Martin is writing the Coffee Table Book of Ice and Fire
New polls suggest Americans are becoming less religious
Solar power's epic price drop, visualized
You can't guess who Glenn Close is playing in Guardians of the Galaxy!
Brad Pitt is a sad conflicted puppy in first World War Z clip
Stare into the eye of Africa's unfathomably huge Richat Structure
Deadpool gets a lesson in language from Marvel's Legal department
This book is a masterpiece about sisters who are a science experiment
There's nothing sadder than the wreck of a once-great submarine
Watch how music travels across the U.S. through Facebook
Asteroid Miners Will Launch World's First Crowdfunded Space Telescope
Can't Stop Staring at these Trippy Norwegian Book Covers
Greatest Wedding Photo In the History of the World
We wish this was the real After Earth theme song
Which classic science fiction novel still holds up today?
We've lost another one of the greats: R.I.P. Jack Vance, 1916-2013
Uh, DC just randomly killed the hell out of a major character
Cosmic Mystery: Why did this spinning star suddenly slow down?
The Most Batshit Insane Performances in the Eurovision Song Contest
Will and Jaden Smith Give Fucking Insane Interview About Patterns
Museum to Sell Replicas of Golden Phallus in its Gift Shop
Mad Props: Weaponized Stumps in Walking Dead and Evil Dead
Michael Bay still lies and TF4's Optimus Prime still looks like shit
The Biggest Reasons Why Fairies Are Evil
D&D Knights Help Oklahoma Tornado Victims
Does being cold make you more susceptible to catching cold?
The Experiment That Required Scientists to Eat Butterflies
Suddenly, Percy Jackson 2: Sea of Monsters looks completely badass
Game of Thrones adding three major characters for season 4!
NASA shows off a prototype of its new xenon-ion engine
7 Television Shows That Took Potshots at Fanfic Writers
Angry Birds goes classic Star Wars in this SDCC exclusive reveal
Russians Recover Fresh Flowing Mammoth Blood
What's the future of Star Trek after "Into Darkness?"
Where do the world's atheists live?
First clip from Last Days on Mars hints at space zombies
San Francisco ruins hide on the Dawn of the Planet of the Apes set
What's the greatest show to ever get canceled? (...besides Firefly)
Corvette Stingray, Bugatti Veyron Play New Autobots In Transformers 4
A study in decomposition, c. 1870
What will happen when our Galaxy collides with Andromeda?
Get ready for the cicada invasion with this incredible time-lapse
Why Wolverine is a Movie for People Who Are Bored With Superhero Films
Revolution demonstrates the difference between good & bad plot twists
What Classical myth do you want John Hodgman and Adam Savage to bust?
First Official Look at Christopher Eccleston as Thor's Dark Elf Foe
The Curious Evolution of the Typewriter, in Pictures
Phonetic descriptions of the annoying sounds teenagers make
Major Breakthrough: Researchers transform cement into liquid metal
Pacific Rim concept art includes our best look at the giant monsters!
NASA wants its long-lost Moon dust back
Gods, devils, demons and more have possessed This Week’s Comics
What movie did you love -- until your friends convinced you it sucked?
When Two Galaxies Collide
Watch Soyuz TMA-09M Rocket launch live RIGHT NOW
What can the DNA in your poop teach us about ethics?
This gender-swapped Lord of the Rings dream casting is note perfect
Reality TV star to direct Leprechaun reboot, because why the @#$% not
WHAT!? Dan Harmon is in talks to return to Community
Storyboards reveal the amazing Star Wars prequel you never saw
Annalee Newitz Reading This Week in Chicago, Atlanta and San Francisco
How to Tell if a TV Show is Going to Improve After a Weak First Season
io9 Book Club reminder: Meeting 6/4 to Discuss Austin Grossman's YOU
9 Predators With The Most Brutal Hunting Techniques
A Movie About the Origins of the World's Most Famous Spacesuit
Impressive body painting transforms women into aliens [NSFW]
Bill Nye scientifically explains how Superman shaves
The Longest Running Gags in Science Fiction Movies and Television
What's so special about this photo of the Moon?
Clever illustrations use negative space to capture animals' essence
How to make a fiery black snake rise from the sand
The Savage Panda of the Post-Apocalyptic Wasteland Returns
Can you guess what's strange about these pine cones?
An algorithm that finds face-like structures on the Earth's surface
John C. Reilly could be the Agent Coulson of Guardians of the Galaxy!
We're Leaving Earth at Last
The Transhumanist Wager and the terrifying struggle for the future
The Mysteries Beneath New York City's Grand Central Terminal
Aliens are invading, annoying and abducting women in This Week’s DVDs!
Is it time for another New Wave of science fiction?
Scientists Revive 400 Year-Old Frozen Plants
These twisted animal mashups are some of the best we've ever seen
Avengers Assemble is Avengers, Acceptable
This disease's deadliest weapon is the fact you've never heard of it
Astronomers Map the Extreme Weather of a Distant Hot Jupiter
True Blood trailer gets political and naked. Mostly naked
In Love Minus Eighty, mail-order brides are cryogenically frozen
Godzilla set pics show the monster's path of destruction
An Atlas of Decay
8 Special Features We Desperately Want in DVDs for Science Shows
All of the Major Movie Franchises Visualized as a Galaxy
This Week's TV: New Venture Bros.! And a very special Game of Thrones.
How did T. rex evolve small forearms?
Thousands of cave paintings have been discovered in Mexico
Has the Rhino's  costume in Amazing Spider-Man 2 been revealed?
Dolphin-assisted births? Yeah, let's not go there.
Joss Whedon shares awesome hints about Avengers 2 and S.H.I.E.L.D.
RNA-laced bandages could treat the worst wounds on the genetic level
Orphan Black reveals the greatest secret of Sarah's past
"You are all going to die" Joss Whedon's Wesleyan Commencement Speech
Ghostly Ship Graveyards from Around the World
The Whispermen star in this deleted scene from the Doctor Who finale
What the heck is this strange red rectangle doing in our galaxy?
Crowdfund a book about Jack Kirby and a tale from The Obscure Cities
The Demonic Artwork of Vintage Magic Posters
Springboks are the champions of silly jumps
A game designed to be played 2,700 years in the future
Peter Dinklage sports a '70s mustache on the set of X-Men
The official guide to Bioshock: Infinite's Rosalind in her underthings
At what age do we understand sarcasm?
A ballet audition turns into a cyborg battle in this animated short
Should you really start eating insects?
1950s San Francisco, as seen through a submarine periscope
Engineering students design a shoe that harnesses energy from walking
13 Unlucky Inventors Killed by Their Own Inventions
Before the Swiss Army Knife, Victorian women wore ornate multitools
Stunning artwork from the Dune collectible card game
Why Don't Toddlers Remember a Damn Thing? Asks Science
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Aliens Encounter the Cavepeople
A cool and disturbing CG-animated take on A Scanner Darkly
Tetris-piece micro house is designed to be stacked
DC heroes and villains invade Georges Seurat's “A Sunday Afternoon"
Decaying Biblical theme park houses the ruins of faux Jerusalem
First Iron Man movie retold as an 8-bit video game
Who's a hoopy frood?
Long before V for Vendetta this newspaper seller wore a mustached mask
Welcome to the Clockwork City, the mysterious land of living toys
What it's like to believe that you're dead
The Klingon ships that didn't make it into Star Trek Into Darkness
Iron Man takes the lead during the premiere of Avengers Assemble!
The Hunt for Alien Megastructures
The Oddest-Looking Musical Instruments on Earth
Bartending robot mixes (and remixes) crowdsourced drink recipes
Will your job still exist a generation from now?
These Terry Pratchett quote posters are lovely
I Took This Amazing Tour Inside the Space Shuttle. So Should You.
Can you spot every detail in this Simpsons theme park concept art?
If your brain were a computer, how much storage space would it have?
Your Alchemy Project for the Weekend
Butterflies remember a mountain that hasn't existed for millennia
Why Publishers Are Always Looking For The Next Old Man's War
Ask biologist Marlene Zuk anything you want about human evolution
13 Post-Apocalyptic Stories That Actually Teach Valuable Lessons
Watch 9 months of Curiosity on Mars in a one-minute time-lapse video
First look at DC's animated Flashpoint movie
Alaska's spellbinding Pavlof volcano spewing ash, as seen from the ISS
Lucy Lawless teases a Xena revival? *SWOON*
Epic: This is what a good children's film looks like
Nuclear plant workers film Star Trek spoof inside training simulator
The First Image Ever of a Hydrogen Atom's Orbital Structure
The effect that explains why you regret posting in anger
Watch as this burning railway bridge comes crashing down
The new Avengers Assemble cartoon looks... actually kinda okay
Henry Cavill wants to make a Superman/Batman team-up film!
New Hubble images of the Ring Nebula reveal the Eye of Sauron
Wow, a Dystopian Coming-of-Age Novel With Actual Real Science
The Beer of Thrones is not safe for pregnant women, Dothraki, anybody
The Alien Backstory You Didn't See in the After Earth Trailers!
The World's Most Awkward Taxidermy
Portland voters reject fluoridation for the fourth time
Quicksilver is gonna be in Avengers 2 AND X-Men: Days of Future Past!
Poltergeist remake will actually be a sequel, which is a good thing
How a Women's Libido Pill Could Actually Save Monogamy
Feast your eyes on the first global topographical map of Titan
Which comics supervillain really deserves a shot on the big screen?
The Search for Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi, the Lost Imperial Sword of Japan
A 2000-year-old Philosophical Problem that Stumps Modern Machines
How Pesticides Pushed Cockroaches Into Rapid Evolution
Learn the art of Practical Spoonbending
How a 3D Printer Saved This Baby's Life
The time the Power Rangers battled a Rastafarian Monkey Monster
This Fungus Is Growing All Over Your Body
Ask Strax! The Only Doctor Who Q&A You NEED to Watch
Chris Hadfield's Cosmonaut Comrade Prepares To Colonize Mars
The Horrifying Flame Tank of the 1930s Meant to End All Wars
We've Found the Molecule That Causes Itchiness
Pacific Rim finally explains why you need two pilots per giant robot
The Lost 1949 Essay That Predicted The Computerized World We Live In
NRA celebrates the gun wisdom in The Terminator and The Road Warrior
12 Underrated or Overlooked TV Shows to Marathon This Weekend
Concept art from the J.J. Abrams Superman movie that never was
Google Glass Rival Hires 'Cyborg' Steve Mann as Chief Scientist
A quick way to manipulate people
Neil deGrasse Tyson explains why he prefers Star Trek to Star Wars
Universal will reboot Timecop without Jean Claude Van Damme
Humanity Will Never Be Overrun By Spontaneously Forming Space Brains
Man builds induction-powered LED engagement ring, wins at everything
Is this an early prototype of a real-life Iron Man suit?
Cumberbatch also got gratuitously naked in deleted Star Trek 2 scene
Christopher Nolan explains how Watchmen paved the way for Man of Steel
This rose is smaller than a strand of hair
Watch an adorable 4-year-old girl school you all in Marvel trivia
These 1,000-year-old coins could rewrite Australia's history
Steve Aoki explores the Singularity in this futuristic new video
How does toothpaste make orange juice taste bad?
The Mechanical Beauty of Early Automatons
How We Imagined the Internet Before the Internet Even Existed
Why do rational people buy into conspiracy theories?
Amazon Is Going to Start Selling Fan Fiction — Legal Fan Fiction
9 Reasons Green Lanterns Are the Universe's Worst Protectors
Watch the amazing, fantastic and stupendous pilot of Steven Universe
How To Survive the Economic Apocalypse
Every President's Underground Lair: The Raven Rock Mountain Complex
Why do people hallucinate geometric tunnels?
Humans With Amplified Intelligence Could Be More Powerful Than AI
Humans may soon regenerate damaged body parts like salamanders
Supercut: "Dragged to the Altar" Scenes from Science Fiction & Fantasy
True facts about the aye-aye, wielder of the most alien hand on earth
Why Wrath of Khan is Still a Bloody Great Star Trek Movie
New trailer for Simon Pegg's beer-soaked apocalypse The World's End
How fast does the Earth rotate?
Could Spider-Man and Wolverine guest-star on Agents of SHIELD?
What is Megan Fox saying to Raphael's cold, dead mutant turtle eyes?
It’s the zombie asshole mini-apocalypse in the Grimm finale
What it's like to have an EF5 tornado pass almost directly overhead
Crazy Rumors for Guardians of the Galaxy, Man of Steel, and Doctor Who
Man of Steel trailer shows off Superman's HEAT VISION
We'll seriously miss Warehouse 13
Your daily dose of nightmare fuel: squiggly ant-parasites from hell
The Only Character in Revolution Who's Still Worth Rooting For
Medical Lawsuit: Stop Wrecking Babies' Genitals
When Pets Get Drafted: The Bizarre History of Animal Soldiers
V/H/S/ 2 trailer teases scary aliens, FINALLY
Pentagram Bikini: For the Sunbather Unafraid of Satanic Tan Lines
Paolo Soleri and the Cities of the Future
Steven Spielberg is making a live action Halo series
What's the stupidest-looking alien of all time?
So this DVD looks and smells like pizza when it's finished playing
Iain M. Banks explains he wasn't writing science fiction for the money
Geoff Johns says goodbye to Green Lantern in This Week’s Comics
Annalee Newitz reading tonight in Phoenix, tomorrow in Seattle
Allosaurus Ate Like a Terrifying Two-Ton Falcon
24 minutes of Star Wars heroes and villains dancing their Hutts off
Gamers are more hostile towards opponents that seem human
Byzantium trailer channels that old Interview with A Vampire feeling
Was Michael Crichton right about a link between epilepsy and violence?
Why Are There No Black People On The Jetsons?
A Close-up Look at the Star Trek Easter Egg You Might Have Missed
An old friend and new enemies visit Nolan in Defiance
Behold the beauty of the Wicked Witch of the West
10 Novels That Are More Action-Packed Than Most Summer Movies
Why Did Penguins Stop Flying?
Chris Hadfield talks about re-adapting to Earth's gravity
What the hell did this chemistry teacher think was going to happen?
Elementary Demonstrates the Right Way to Update a Classic Hero
A humbling map of real-time wind patterns in Tornado Alley
The longest continual satellite scroll of Earth you will ever see
Lars von Trier's movie Nymphomaniac puts the SFX in sex
The Wolverine trailer reunites Logan with the X-Men (sort of)
Watch these zombies parkour around a post-apocalyptic wasteland
Ghostbusters 3 is all about Columbia students destroying our dimension
Totally Astonishing Images from the 2013 Art of Science Contest
Damon Lindelof admits the Star Trek underwear scene was "gratuitous"
Teen Wolf trailer unleashes the Alpha Werewolf Pack
Read This Week’s DVDs or this catbus will eat these children
If Earth Had a Ring Like Saturn
Holy crap the inside of this meteorite is gorgeous
Could you stop tornados before they start?
That Time American School Kids Were Given Dog Tags Because Nukes
Charts reveal what Americans consider the most immoral acts
Which science fiction TV show do you wish you could personally reboot?
This Kingdom Come fan-film > DC's non-existent Justice League movie
Jennifer Lawrence slips back into her Mystique skin on the X-Men set
Star Trek Into Darkness: The Spoiler FAQ
The Closest You'll Ever Come to Watching Jodorowsky's Lost Dune Movie
Peter Dinklage deserves another Emmy for last night's Game of Thrones
Your Favorite Cartoons and Puppets, Redrawn as Horrifying Nightmares
Could a virtual therapist really help with your personal problems?
A picture of teenage Ray Bradbury with Marlene Dietrich made my day
A sneak peek inside Guillermo del Toro's Kaiju-killing machines
7 Signs We Are Heading for a Mass Extinction
Disney reveals its new Star Wars cartoon, Rebels
Meet a real-life climate science troll
This week's TV: The Tourettes Outbreak That Racked a Small Town
Teen trillionaires have problems too in this preview of Green Team #1
Interstellar distances, measured in memes
How the Runaways Movie That Never Happened Helped to Fuel Iron Man 3
Pretty Little Liars is secretly about the supernatural world
Your first new rumored Star Wars: Episode VII cast member is...
What is Evolution?
The fraud who worked with Einstein
Matt Smith and David Tennant chat about Doctor Who's 50th birthday!
A Starry Night in the Valley of the Roses
Guess Which Disney Princess This Is
Profound and hilarious poetry written by arranging book spines
If you've ever wondered what a tornado looks like on radar
The clones come out of the closet on Orphan Black
Eye-Poppingly Gorgeous Underground Stations from Around The World
Retro Futurism: Desert Edition
Superpowers and hope fill first trailer for Alfonso Cuarón's Believe
Carnivorous plant doesn't have time for any of that junk DNA
Crowdfund a collection of Osamu Tezuka's short manga and more
Sarah Connor needs to tell Doctor Who there's no fate but what we make
Here's the supernova Johannes Kepler studied 400 years ago
The pilot script for Alfonso Cuarón's Believe is now online
The Unexpected Artwork of Physicist Richard Feynman
What character are you embarrassed that you love?
State-of-the-art 19th-century torpedo was discovered by Navy dolphins
Watch Aliens retold in 60 seconds of animated silliness
Whimsical, animal-filled illustrations of mathematical concepts
The terrifyingly specific phenomenon that makes your jaw glow green
Take two minutes to watch the monster animation in this madcap short
Congratulations to this year's Nebula Award winners!
Ninja Turtles are marked by their weapons in these posters
Balloon sculpture is the least deadly stage in the Xenomorph lifecycle
This century-old abandoned ship now hosts a floating forest
Pistol Cams, the Mammoth Camera, and Other Odd Vintage Cameras
A heartbreaking short about a mother's loss, set in a lunar mine
The ram-skulled god is ready to invade your nightmares
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Dragon Walker
What happens when Leonardo Da Vinci faces off against Dracula?
Patton Oswalt's Amazing Star Wars Episode VII Rant, Brought To Life
Watch a model Enterprise fly into the stratosphere
A Dental Hygiene Cartoon from the Bacteria's Point of View
Learn the Periodic Table of Elements with this handy song
The Best Sci-Fi Cars Of All Time
Adding a hairy coat to a building to capture wind power
Justice League members walk their young sidekicks to school
A warrior's daughter and a shop keeper's son are switched at birth
Kirk and the Gorn duet in Star Trek: The Middle School Musical
The records for the greatest distances driven on Mars and the Moon
Shockwave re-animates prehistoric Decepticon armies on Transformers
The Vampire Diaries and the Pitfalls of the Season-Ending Twist
RIP Frank Kendig, original editor of Omni Magazine
Red Waves Are Breaking Across the Land
An experiment shows how people deliberately sabotage themselves
When forests glow green in the night
The Shining Girls is one of the best serial killer tales ever written
Malaria Makes Mosquitoes Meaner
What's your favorite massive object in space?
UFO sightings in Canada rose alarmingly in 2012
What will really happen when the Yellowstone supervolcano erupts?
Andre Norton has a spiffy new website
Wizard Cops: They cast spells first, and ask questions later
Astounding Concept Art of Cities Being Demolished
Game of Thrones will end with season 7, according to producer
The opening sequence of Casino Royale, now in Lego
Unglamorous Space Catastrophes That You'll Never See in a Movie
Warehouse 13 ending next season
Your First Real Look at the Space Movie Everybody's Raving About
12 Great Science Fiction Actors Who Don't Get Enough Props
The Zombieland TV show is your zombie kill of the week
How Much Would It Cost to Build the Starship Enterprise?
This 1897 bicycle highway was supposed to be the future of transit
Revisiting Kepler’s Most Mind-Blowing Discoveries
Smoking Pot Offers Relief to the Lonely
When Sliders went to paradise, it was pure hell for viewers
Cataplexy: When emotions paralyze you
The Biggest Explosion Ever Seen on the Moon!
Lost's Sawyer is a super-soldier for the Info Age in Intelligence
When will we see Star Trek 3? And will we ever see The Incredibles 2?
Just Another Day in the Ultimate Killing Machine
The Atlantic Rim movie is  somewhat less spectacular than Pacific Rim
Is Dean Winchester the worst hero ever? Or just one of the worst?
Chris Hadfield finds that home isn't nearly as interesting as space
That Wonder Woman-in-high-school show will just not die
Strange and Wonderful Moments in the History of Eyeglasses
3D print your own invisibility cloak
Post-Punk/New Wave Icons as Super Heroes
TWO "found footage" movies about time travel in the pipeline
How Humans Will Evolve Over the Next Million Years
Did we just find the ruins of a famed lost city... using lasers?
Check out the crazy-dangerous "phosphorus sun" demonstration
The Central Problem With Steven Moffat's Doctor Who
Familiar Star Wars fans tell J.J. Abrams what should be in Episode VII
How a pregnancy test for humans caused a wave of global extinctions
Scientists Use Cloning to Create Embryonic Stem Cells
Fossils reveal the evolutionary split between monkeys and apes
First Official Pics of Tomorrow People, The 100 and Star-Crossed!
New Brain Stimulation Technique Makes You Better At Math
Thirteen Types of Ridiculous Female Armor In MMORPGs
Just when you thought Pacific Rim couldn't look any more incredible...
Rock Out with a Couple of Robots and Jack Conte
Earth’s Oldest Flowing Water Found at the Bottom of a Canadian Mine
The 11 Greatest Science Fiction-Themed Bands
Find out who dies in the Arrow season finale
Star Trek Into Dumbness
Oh my god, the new Hulk cartoon is a @#$%ing reality show
These inside-out horses are both creepy and cool
The science that discredited the "sons" of Marie Antoinette
Lifting weights with Wax Wolverine is a totally normal thing to do
The Kepler space telescope is spinning out of control
Magic: the Gathering's Summer Set Preview -- Megantic Sliver
An Italian Design Firm is Creating High Fashion Mutants
The surprise guest star on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. isn't who you think!
Yuko Shimizu's art is like a cooler version of your wildest dreams
Iron Man 3 VFX reels make the Air Force One scene twice as impressive
Learn to write Gallifreyan in 9 simple steps
The Most Horrifying Industrial Disasters of All Time
Why does this 'Google Glass 2.0' video seem so wrong?
3-D Imaging Shows a Caterpillar Becoming a Butterfly
Disney Pulls Sexy Merida Makeover After Public Backlash
Every fake website featured Doctor Who in one clip
What's the most overrated science fiction or fantasy movie?
This amazing Optimus Prime painting was made in two and a half minutes
Oh my god we need this giant Kaiju skull from Pacific Rim immediately
Karl Urban reveals the softie inside Star Trek's Bones
These monkeys don't think much of Shyamalan's After Earth either
This Game Might Include Every DC Comics Hero (And Villain) Ever
How did The CW become THE go-to network for fantastical television?
Tony Stark one ups Justin Timberlake with "Suits That Fly"
Spirit Foxes and Raunchy Demons in Japanese Netsuke  Art
New Riddick trailer reveals his deadly foes and deadlier enemies
The Psychological Test That Explains Why You're Bad at Communicating
An Interactive Map of Regional American Accents, With Audio
The Science of Insomnia
Idiot Construction Crew Demolishes 2,300-year-old Maya Pyramid
Check out this cool (and detailed) geological map of Skyrim
9 Biggest Myths About the Apocalypse
Artificial Skin That's Way More Sensitive to Touch Than The Real Thing
Grimm beats The Walking Dead at its own game
Watch Tilda Swinton & Tom Hiddleston transform into Rock God Vampires
The Most Significant Futurists of the Past 50 Years
Popular Stories from Across Gawker Media
Become fluent in the vocabulary of solar flares and space weather
How Star Wars proves children are morons
What if New York City was transported to another planet?
What's being whispered in J.J.'s ear on the deck of the Enterprise?
Beautiful Portraits of "Monstrosities" from the 18th Century
The Axe Cop cartoon still looks awesome, if you were wondering
Disney can put your face on a 3D-printed Stormtrooper figurine
Revealing Set Videos for Captain America 2 and Amazing Spider-Man 2!
Get a way better look at Agents of SHIELD, plus two more new shows!
Massive collection of high-res Star Trek pics show our amazing future
What Revolution Needs to Do, to Get Us to Invest in These Characters
Attention idiots with too much money: "sex cereal" is now a thing
Which monster hunter do you wish you could make a nice cup of tea for?
This wild illusion causes you to see an object in three different ways
This episode of Warehouse 13 felt like Eureka... only a shade darker
Some of the World's Rarest (and Strangest) Creatures
Eye-Popping Iron Man 3 Concept Art From The Big Malibu Attack Scene
My Little Ponies to be turned into horrifying mutant Pony People
Another Spider-Man hangs up his tights in This Week’s Comics!
Defiance may be turning into the great scifi series we were promised
Talk about the end of the world with Annalee Newitz and Seth Mnookin
Everything wrong with Jurassic Park in under 180 seconds
What are the rules of time travel in the J.J. Abrams Universe?
Texting while driving now kills more teens than drunk driving
Still confused by Cloud Atlas? Infographic & featurettes break it down
Here's the actual "teleporting bank robbery" scene from Now You See Me
Simon Pegg explains why the new Star Trek movie is all Kirk's fault
The eldest Weasley uses time travel to pick up chicks in About Time
One Tiny But Vital Safety Check Before Going To The Moon
These Stamps Hail The Skylab Missions In 13 Awesome Ways
How to turn a high concept idea into an actual story
We just used the theory of relativity to discover a new planet
J.J. Abrams to hold Star Trek chat with the ISS crew... IN SPACE
Mathematician Makes Astounding Prime Numbers Breakthrough
What the hell is happening on the Sun?
Sleepy Hollow trailer gives the Headless Horseman an assault rifle
A musical piece that's part long-term sociology experiment
Greatest music video ever about giant robots in anime
It's a pretty good day to be Robocop
Lawrence Krauss answers questions on life, the Universe and everything
Physics Technician Busted For Preparing Cocaine In University Lab
Has Marvel already picked someone to play Scarlet Witch in Avengers 2?
New Trailer for Almost Human, the Robot Cop Show from the Fringe Guys
Once Upon A Time's season finale sets a course for total lunacy
Essential Science Fiction Novels for Understanding the Economy
First trailer for Stanislaw Lem's The Congress is wild
The new Ghost in the Shell: Arise series is essentially Motoko Begins
Epcot’s Spaceship Earth transformed into a Giant Mike Wazowski
An Illustrated History Of Gas Masks
As the storm breaks, the Moon and Venus converge
2001: A Space Odyssey explained on a 1968 child's menu
Which space army would conquer all the others?
Tom Hanks’ love transcends time, but not this week’s DVD releases!
So long, Commander Hadfield – and thanks for all the awesome!
First Bonkers Images from the Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending
An Untold Tale of Fringe's Walter Bishop and William Bell!
Our algorithms can predict future earthquakes -- now what?
Your Dreams Might Be Ruining Your Love Life
Was this the most romantic Game of Thrones episode ever?
This physics simulation is one of the most accurate you'll ever see
Move over True Blood, NBC's Dracula just stole your Vampire sex magic
10 White People Who Became Rulers of the Jungle
The World's Most Powerful Computer Network Is Being Wasted on Bitcoin
Every single clue hidden inside the  Agents of SHIELD trailer
Freak Ice Tsunami Crunches Homes In Canada
How Human Evolution Prepared Us to Survive Future Disasters
Professor X is a filthy hippie in this X-Men: Days of Future Past pic
What would happen if you were born in space?
This Week's TV: A Game of Thrones Wedding and Doctor Who's Big Secret
Come see Annalee Newitz read from her new book tonight in Brooklyn!
Fantastic high speed shots of liquids swirling through the air
DC gets ready for Superman Vs. He-Man, round 2
How did feathers evolve?
How to get away with attempted murder
Brand New Photos of Spider-Man's Battle with Paul Giamatti's Rhino!
The trailer for Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is here!
Every burst of star formation can reshape the universe
Doctor Who season finale shows up in the mail a few days early
Chris Hadfield sings "Space Oddity" in the first music video in space
Orphan Black and the "tail" of the transhumanist nightclub
Three "gorgeously ugly" fish looking for mate before they go extinct
After the Games: Photographs of Decaying Olympic Sites
Crowdfund a short film based on a Daniel H. Wilson story and much more
David Bowie's new video is the least subtle comment on religion ever
There could be something amazing hidden in next week's Who TV trailer!
Stomp all over princesses in these Disney villain shoes
Here's our first video look at Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Don't use a time machine to change your past—make out with it instead
Do you have a super scifi-loving mom?
Chandelier casts a fantasy forest of shadows against the walls
Do people turn mean because they're helpless?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Nietzsche's Übermensch?
Why everything you know about wolf packs is wrong
Neil Gaiman gives Doctor Who's Cybermen what they need: a new legend
Photographs of foodstuff and beverages cut in half
Remarkable Cave Houses, Including the Homes that Inspired Tolkien
Bathing goddess deals with a stubborn perv in this silly cartoon short
Leonardo counters sodomy charges with bestiality on Da Vinci's Demons
Ugh, Disney Gave Brave's Merida A Pretty Pretty Princess Makeover
This is Paul Giamatti's Rhino rage face for The Amazing Spider-Man 2
'Gunmen' Hired to Storm Movie Theater for Traumatizing Publicity Stunt
Watch the prequel to next week's Doctor Who season finale
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Rocketing Octopodes take flight
What does a record made out of wood sound like?
Surprising funeral ad makes a lovely skeleton from pressed flowers
Meet the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. through their official ID badges
Simon and Marceline cosplay will put a tear in your eye
Syfy is headed to Defiance for a second season
Time-lapse satellite images show how Earth has changed over 28 years
I say, old chap: Episode VII will be filmed in the UK!
Watch NASA's Emergency ISS Spacewalk Live Right Now (Updating)
A teen travels to 1776 in her dreams—and never wants to wake up
S.H.I.E.L.D. isn't the only new genre show on ABC's agenda
What if Guy Pearce played the Riddler in Nolan's third Batman film?
The Pulverizer returns to TMNT plus a preview of upcoming Marvel 'Toons!
The fire pits of Earth V are no place to stop and reflect on your life
Vampire Diaries shows how to conquer your grief: embrace absurdity
What's the most stylish dystopia of all time?
Tons of True Blood pics show the future for our favorite fang-bangers
Astounding Photos of the World's Leaning Towers
Avengers Cats are the Best Cats
Experimental Flying Car Crashes Near Canadian School
You can now watch Luke Randall's award-winning short film, Reach
How to create your own miniature version of the Northern Lights
Weirdest and Most Memorable Roles the Game of Thrones Cast Played
The best hour of science fiction television I've watched in forever
First image from Dawn of the Planet of the Apes changes everything
Germany’s Post-World War I Scheme to Extract Gold from Water
A Solar Eclipse Unlike Any You've Ever Seen
The short, ignominious life of n-rays
Browncoats Assemble: ABC really did pick up Joss Whedon's SHIELD!
Alaya Dawn Johnson is here answering your questions from 1-2 PM PST
Who's the best "innovation superhero": Iron Man, or Batman?
An Interactive Map of Racist, Homophobic and Ableist Tweets in America
Did government scientists really create a secret quantum internet?
18-Year-Old With Three Degrees Will Now Pursue Two Doctorates
10 Evil Schemes that Could Have Been Stopped by Taking Out a Minion
Short film Project Kronos explores the dawn of interstellar travel
Save the World Book Tour!
The Space City That Could Have Been, If Not For Wernher Von Braun
The Best Laid Plans of Angels And Men Gang Aft Agley
Most of Us Live in the North
I spy Flash Pistols in Ender's Game Battle Room
Cryptomnesia makes us accidental plagiarists
A gorgeous composite image of yesterday's ring of fire eclipse
How to build a bridge from electricity and water
ISS Crew Plans Emergency Spacewalk to Fix 'Very Serious' Ammonia Leak
Just when Obi-Wan Kenobi thought he was out, they pull him back in...
Slow-mo reel of kids tasting foods for the first time. You're welcome.
John Hurt drops a major bombshell about Doctor Who's 50th birthday!
This is what your Mac keyboard will look like in 100 years
The Trailer for Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity Will Turn Your Knuckles White
The Fellowship of the Ring just got Mightier and Morphin'-er
Watch this robotic worm assemble itself. Oh, and it was 3D printed.
Simon Pegg's Star Trek Reboot Theory: Is this the "Mirror " Crew?
The first four minutes of  Now You See Me is actually kind of badass
What's inside the shells of Michael Bay's CG Ninja Turtles?
Seriously Scary Radioactive Products From The 20th Century
Person of Interest's Nolan: "We have not lost our bloodlust."
Can Science and Religion be Reconciled?
Who's the Coolest Killer Robot of All Time?
New Scifi TV Shows from Alfonso Cuarón and the Creators of Fringe
Which animal can hear the highest-pitched sounds?
Spawn's Angela gets her Marvel make-over
Is Battlestar Galactica in suspended animation?
This simple piece of technology could help save sea turtles
Chinese science fiction is influenced by SF from Japan... and the USSR
The Mystery of How Identical Twins Develop Different Personalities
The entire bat shit history of the Venture Bros. in 8 minutes
Struggling to understand depression? Read this.
10 Completely Annoying Anime Cliches
First look at Disney's first animated Marvel movie Big Hero 6
Arrow brings physical comedy to a new level
Win These Bids And Build Your Own Historic Spacecraft
Did NASA send the Curiosity Rover to the wrong place?
The Earth and the Astronaut – 1969
Oh, so that's who Robert Redford is playing in Captain America 2
Here's how radiation from this atomic bomb test got to San Francisco
Is this the real story behind the Atacama 'alien' mystery?
Supercut of Riker sitting down like a total weirdo on Star Trek
How to catch today's "Ring of Fire" eclipse
This is what it looks like to have the future pull up beside you
Why Man of Steel won't need Kryptonite to hit Superman where it hurts
It's the summer LED festival, when the city is filled with light
The first great biography of Timothy Leary
Why does music move us?
Why "Boob Plate" Armor Would Actually Kill You
New AI uses the Internet to identify unfamiliar things
When Earth is Scarred Forever
Robb Stark cast as Prince Charming in Cinderella because OBVIOUSLY
Crowdfund This: The Manos: The Hands of Fate puppet musical on DVD!
Get a close-up view of Doctor Who's brand new TARDIS control panels!
Who's the most obsolete superhero of them all?
How Neil Gaiman did away with the "clanky clanky steampunk" Cybermen
Michael Bay's TMNT features Megan Fox on a trampoline, obviously
Chilling poster for Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity sets up a space nightmare
Behold, The Madonnas of Science
How much does antimatter weigh?
Jurassic Park 4 delayed. Here's why that's a good thing.
Bitchin' Artwork That Makes You Proud to be An American Werewolf
How the human brain sees a 100-mph fastball
Wine tasting is bullshit. Here's why.
Reality Check: You can't easily replace Robert Downey Jr as Tony Stark
The ‘glass is a liquid’ myth has finally been destroyed
12 Movies That Filmed Happy Endings You Never Saw
Jaron Lanier wants you to get money for your Instagram photos
True love beats douchebaggery in a schizophrenic (but good) Grimm
The scientific equivalent of "When did you stop beating your wife?"
Google Doodle pays a stylish tribute movie artist Saul Bass
Spoken in the ice age, these words might actually have made sense
How good is Batman at sex?
This may be the oldest dome-headed dinosaur ever discovered
New Under The Dome footage displays double the dome action
An interactive animation of every recorded meteorite impact in history
Holy @#$%, Lego is making a steampunk line
Terrafugia's revamped flying car should be ready by 2021. No, really.
Check out the first ever footage from Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity!
First Screamingly Funny Trailer for Simon Pegg's World's End
Cities Are the Future of Human Evolution
Traditional psychological diagnoses are going out of style
These Videophone Concepts Are Cooler Than Your iPhone's FaceTime
Warehouse 13 shows how to do television's most overused concept right
DNA's double helix discovery turns 60 – how monumental is it, really?
The first sign of the pending penguin apocalypse!
What do screencaps reveal about the future horrors of Ender's Game?
The IT Crowd is returning for one last episode
Are we screwing ourselves by transmitting radio signals into space?
Which classic science fiction or fantasy author is due for a comeback?
Watch the intense first trailer for Ender's Game right now!
You won't believe how many cicadas are about to envelop the East Coast
Will Adam Baldwin steal Michael Bay's post-apocalyptic show Last Ship?
The Real-Life Buildings Used to Sell Elysium's Luxurious Dystopia
War is Hell and we're the Devil, on Revolution
Holy Crap that's a HUMAN! Behind-the-scenes footage from Mama
Everybody is avenging something in this week’s comics!
Why is this pioneering researcher fighting to have his work retracted?
Lightspeed Presents... "The Traditional" by Maria Dahvana Headley
This eldritch animation will stare straight into your soul
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about The Summer Prince
R.I.P. Ray Harryhausen, Monster Innovator and Visual Effects Legend
10 Biggest Missed Opportunities in Star Trek History
'Monster' Carcass Washes Ashore in New Zealand
Why the Paleo Diet and Lifestyle Are Not Based in Scientific Reality
Game Of Thrones engagement shoots announce: The Wedding is Coming
Old Spock battles New Spock in the greatest car commercial ever
This guillotine simulator is the most twisted use of Oculus Rift yet
Defiance just got one hell of a lot better
The long-running mystery of why birds seemingly change sex
These X-Men T-shirt designs really are uncanny
Only a chemistry student would organize Lord of the Rings like this
Star Wars: Episode VII could start filming in 2014... but where?
Remember when Jaime Lannister was a starship captain?
Who is the mysterious magic-hating boss on Once Upon A Time?
Jinx brings moral ambiguity to the worlds of Middle Grade fantasy
Try Not to Wake Up the Demon God While You're Out
Jedi Younglings make their own awesome Star Wars: Episode VII
The Most Astonishing Miracles Of Bridge Engineering
Europa Report: At Last, a Space Thriller Worth Taking Seriously
Suddenly, rainbow legs!
This Early Lunar Rover Prototype Was Almost Forgotten
Scientists combine bird and swine flus to create mutant airborne virus
The Absolute Cutest Dog Cosplay of All Time
This week’s DVDs double your pleasure with two new Fringe sets
The Secrets of Star Trek Into Darkness' Future Cities
Concept Art shows off Darren Aronofsky's Batman movie that never was
Study finds bearded men are more attractive, proves my mom wrong
The Real Reason Readers Might Love a Book that You Find Fatally Flawed
Have you heard of this erotic science fiction novel from the 1970s?
You can now 3D-print a fully operational handgun
Enough With the Prequels, Already!
Is Game of Thrones all about the war between Varys and Littlefinger?
Screw Dredd, watch the entire fan-made movie Judge Minty right now
The first splatter movies were live on stage a hundred years ago [NSFW]
The number of cracks in glass can reveal a bullet's speed
11 Things Mad Scientists Should Never Do
Bone-eating worms are f*cking awesome. Here's why.
This Week's TV: 6 Season Finales. Plus Neil Gaiman writes Doctor Who!
Gwen Stacy is wearing a major spoiler on the Spider-Man 2 set
Fetching minimalist prints honor mathematicians and their contributions
Astronomers Witness An Extraordinarily Bright Stellar Explosion
A new actor for The Crow has been plucked out
Watch how mercury completely flips out when it's blasted by sound
Marvel's got the Blade, Punisher and Ghost Rider movie rights back
More than half of the world's population lives inside this circle
The Rat Park experiment
Benedict Cumberbatch says you might root for his  Star Trek villain
This nebula crams tons of newborn stars into just a few light-years
Watch baboons show off their human-like math skills
Photographs that make waves look like frozen sculptures
Orphan Black ventures into the craft room of terror
Gorgeous Concept Designs for Underwater Cities
Crowdfund a fantasy book written by a 4-year-old and drawn by her dad
Stunning posters celebrate the original six Star Trek movies
An incredibly simple horror short to make you afraid of the dark
Antarctic timelapse aboard an icebreaker… for science!
Summon Old Ones with these painstakingly crafted HP Lovecraft props
Dragon Zach Galifianakis plays Game of Game of Thrones on SNL
Do you self-destructively second guess yourself?  This might be why.
Michonne channels Beyoncé for a "Single Ladies" dance with the zombies
Do authors ever prefer the movie to their own book?
The One Moment That Made Tonight's Doctor Who Entirely Worthwhile
Batman's foes grace these defaced North Korean dollar bills
The humans are biting back in the True Blood Season Six trailer
Classic novels visualized according to their color content
Incredible Animal-Shaped Buildings from Around the World
Glimpse Neil Gaiman's Cybermen in next week's Doctor Who trailer
Behold handwritten pages from the Empire Strikes Back script
How Iron Man Destroyed $5.86 Million In Cars Alone
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Wall of Helmets
Leonardo Da Vinci shows off his holy hand grenades
Watch a falcon kill a duck in mid-air—from the falcon's perspective
What if Conan the Barbarian was your spirit guide?
A head-banging musical remix of the Iron Man films with Black Sabbath
Artist makes portraits from DNA found in chewing gum and cigarettes
Take a webcomic tour through H.P. Lovecraft's Dream Cycle stories
Don't Forget: Today is Free Comic Book Day!
Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you!
Robin gets his license revoked on Teen Titans Go
The bioluminescent leaves of Puerto Rico
On Person of Interest, we confront the tragedy of AI life
It's hard to believe, but this movie will make you love vampires again
Galileo's Ship was one of the oldest relativity thought experiments
Nobody does ironic plot twists like Vampire Diaries
Astronomer Martin Rees explains how posthumans will colonize space
The Cities That Live Behind Walls
DC redesigned He-Man, and holy Orko does he look terrible
Tentacle Art That Will Wrap All The Way Around Your Mind
The scientist who decided what you'll eat and whether you'll like it
They mocked her "science fantasy." Then she wrote Empire Strikes Back.
Watch ISS commander Chris Hadfield play with gas masks in space
Hadoukening/Vadering--it's the new craze sweeping the nations
Oxford has a bell that's been ringing for 173 years
Your Guide To Watching this Weekend's Halley's Comet Meteor Shower
The Bad Lip-Reading Dead are so much more fun than The Walking Dead
A Great Video That Reminds Us Short Fiction is SF's Life Blood
Concept art of the Superman Lives villains Nic Cage never fought
What You Should Know About the Low-carb Ketogenic Diet
Meet Ming Mecca, 2014's Weirdest Video Game System
DARPA's new robotic hand can lift kettlebells as well as tweezers
8 Game of Thrones characters who are better on TV than in the books
This Is How Space Exploration Was Imagined Before Sputnik
What if the Earth had no moon?
Iron Man 3: The Fall (and Rise) of Tony Stark
The inspiration behind Darwin's evolutionary theory, seen from space
Louisiana senators vote to keep creationism in science class — again
Exclusive: The Mandarin figure readies his war on Iron Man
KITT learns about the magic of music in the dumbest Knight Rider ever
Rare Caterpillar Resembles Donald Trump's Hair
Watch the first ever footage from Ender's Game
What causes highway hypnosis?
The only known photo of Einstein's Mass-Energy Equivalence formula
We can't stop watching this speaker wobble
Doctor Who's 50th anniversary special returns to where it all began!
The surprising outcomes of a study about sex differences in learning
Incredible Pictures of Early Science Labs
The Man of Steel rumor that would change Superman for the worse
Win an amazing trip to San Francisco's Science Hack Day!
Orphan Black renewed for a second season!
Minister Faust explains the meaning of George Clinton's Mothership
Janelle Monáe's brand new music video just made our week
Bryan Fuller pitches the storyline for his  Pushing Daisies movie
The so-called 'health foods' that are probably killing you
This dog has four prosthetic legs and oh my god my heart just imploded
A Model of Thor's Hammer That Spits Out 80,000 Volts
Manborg is the greatest bad movie of its generation
Jurassic Park 4 will return to Isla Nublar!
Why would aliens come all this way just to invade Earth?
Creepy fascist figurines from the 1930s are creepy
Reese Withersoon may join Keanu Reeves in a cryogenic space nightmare
Don't Get Paranoid, But There Are Now Insect-Sized Flying Robots
The Empire's "May the Fourth Be With You" attack ad
Supernatural is on its way to becoming a truly great TV show again
"The Best Alien Folk Duo Scifi Action Romance Comedy Movie Ever Made"
Here's the Real Reason Why Virtual Reality Doesn't Work Yet
New Captain America concept art shows the Winter Soldier in action
Weird Trope of the Day: Scantily Clad Women in Glass Tubes
This fan video of Starships is sheer unadulterated joy
Easily the most staggering infographic you'll see today
The 7 Most Essential Iron Man Comics
Arrow  teaches us that it's always worse than we imagine
Why Many in China Hate Iron Man 3's Chinese Version
A 3D printed cybernetic ear that even a transhumanist would love
The frozen calm of normalcy bias
Are these dwarf lemurs the key to long-distance space travel?
This is not a finch
The Great Baltimore Space Program of 1928
Animals that dine on rocks to survive
What if the Jetsons were the unhappiest family of the future?
See a nuclear explosion from 10 feet away
Why do humans kiss?
Incredible new ISS photo shows the moon ushering in the dawn
The human bad guy in Transformers 4 will be... Frasier Crane!?
Dorion Sagan Demands That We Make Science an Adventure Again
Yes, Captain Kirk would intervene in Syria
Nature devotes an issue to Genetically Modified Organisms
The Fonts You Need to Create Your Own Classic Science Fiction Covers
Why Humans Will Survive the Next World-Ending Catastrophe
Ridley Scott aims to fill AMC with high-concept television
This mysterious cave was a deathtrap for thousands of years
The PBS Avengers assemble to save us all from stupid TV
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon: The Kotaku Review
First look at the Falcon in Captain America 2
Japan is making mecha for kids; what could possibly go wrong?
These fluffy romantic comedies are actually remakes of horror stories
Which movie will be this summer's biggest surprise flop?
Walking With Dinosaurs 3D trailer is simply stunning
Expanding the Planet's Limits
Grisly new evidence reveals American colonists resorted to cannibalism
Did you know that Iron Man 3 takes place partly in China?
Awesome new Wolverine trailer pits Logan against all the ninjas ever
That condensation on your beer can might not be a good sign
The growing fear of having your brain hacked -- for real
First look at Ben Kingsley as Mazer Rackham from Ender's Game
The Ultimate Guide to Science Fiction and Fantasy in May!
10 Characters Who Got More Interesting After They Died
Glowing leprechaun aliens feast on cow ovaries in a low-key Grimm
So it turns out this tiny alien-like skeleton is actually human!
These kickass games let you do real-life science
TitanArm Exoskeleton: Elysium Is Basically Already Real
Neill Blomkamp and Sharlto Copley team up again for scifi film Chappie
Is Warner Bros. just too stupid to make a Justice League movie?
Canada unveils its sweet new space-themed $5 bill in space
NASA releases a fantastic new photo of Enceladus
First look at Star Trek 2's Klingons without their helmets on
This is officially the world's tiniest stop-motion film
Ron Perlman says he keeps bugging Guillermo del Toro to make Hellboy 3
Warehouse 13 may not be clever, but it has heart. (And James Marsters)
Revolution teaches what to do when someone holds your ex at gunpoint
Natalie Portman to play Lady Macbeth... with Michael Fassbender
It’s the final battle for Spider-Man’s mind in This Week’s Comics
NASA releases three new high-res panoramas of Curiosity on Mars
Structurally Sound Buildings That Look Like They've Been Smashed
This dreamy time-lapse showcases Death Valley's starlit skies
Unused Test Footage That Could Have Changed Your Heroes' Lives Forever
The captain of Bryan Fuller's awesome, non-existent Trek TV show is...
Archaeologists Uncover Hundreds of Mysterious Orbs in Ancient Temple
This might be the most creative Doctor Who cosplay we've ever seen
Do these startling longevity studies mean your lifespan could double?
The Weird but True History of Sin Eaters
How the hell is this photo of the Moon even possible?
Astounding Summer Books That You Won't Want to Miss
Mark Sheppard really should play Avon in Syfy's Blake's 7 reboot
The Jayne's Hat-inspired bra is pretty cunning, don't you think?
Short film Abe is 7 minutes of sheer robot horror
How They Filmed Return Of The Jedi's Absurdly Great Speeder Chase
What percentage of philosophers believe in God?
How virtual reality will reshape your life, according to Google
These videos of fly larvae cannibalism may squick you
Top 10 Essential Stories About Power Armor
How science and philosophy differ – and why they need each other
This 2-year-old is the youngest recipient of a bioengineered organ
Scotty hits the bottle in a brand new Star Trek 2 featurette
The terrifying, NSFW truth of Scientifically Accurate Ninja Turtles
Steve Rogers has a problem with authority on the Captain America 2 set
Cassini catches an awesome glimpse of Saturn’s north pole hurricane
Shane Black Tells Us How Tony Stark is Being "Phased Out" as Iron Man
This gorgeous 50,000-seat stadium is over 2,000 years old
When Defiance isn't copying other scifi series, it's enjoyably insane
Korsakoff's syndrome makes people into honest liars
Chris Hadfield dodges a 'bullet' as an object pierces ISS solar array
What exactly does Joss Whedon have planned for Thanos in Avengers 2?
Empire of the Sun's new music video has that Buck Rogers season 2 vibe
It's Time to Stop Predicting the End of the World
Now at last, Ray Bradbury's novels are out as e-books
Magnificent Modern Buildings that Look Like Ancient Pyramids
Captain Picard's vacation videos highlight this week’s Blu-rays
Watch William Gibson read from his brand new science fiction novel
J.J. Abrams wants to make Stephen King's time travel book into a show
Iron Man saves Air Force One all by himself in a new Iron Man 3 clip
Could scientific breakthroughs lead to new religions?
Arkham City's Batman Actor Won't Be Back For The Next Game
Which movie is your happy place?
UFO Disclosure Hearings in Washington -- Sort Of
Watch ice needles shooting out of a lake in this insane video
Scientists have engineered the world's first glow-in-the dark sheep
Playing favorites with children can be deadly
The Limits of the Earth
AOL shuts down Comics Alliance because they are jerkfaces
Treasure Trove of Empire Strikes Back photos will amaze you
The best interview with Neal Stephenson you've ever heard
Why Drew Goddard Should Direct the Next Star Trek Movie
Freakish Pulsar Reaffirms Einstein’s General Theory of Relativity
It's the UAE's answer to a post-apocalyptic Vin Diesel movie
On Game of Thrones, some men just want to watch the world burn
The last 20 seconds of this Pacific Rim trailer will make you scream
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo has made its first powered test flight!
Farewell Herschel Space Telescope, We'll Miss You!
The 9 Most Incompetent Wizards of All Time
Introducing Morphees, mobile devices that can change their shape
If you're not watching Warehouse 13, you're kind of a bad person
So the Batmobile has a baby seat now, apparently
First footage from Snowpiercer looks like the Polar Express FROM HELL
This shirt can go 100 wears without washing and we couldn't care less
Can evolution still happen without competition?
20,000 people have already applied for the one-way mission to Mars
Deluxe Reissues Take You Deep into Dungeons & Dragons History
A "baseball-playing" robot with a 100,000-neuron "brain"
Logical empiricism explains why comment threads devolve into WTF
Why Captain America 2 Will Feel Like Another Avengers Movie
Artist draws superpowered canines on her sons' lunch napkins
What happens when an inept superspy goes after an ordinary guy?
Anyone can be a spy for the cloners on Orphan Black—and we love it
Coming Soon to the Small Screen: EVE: The TV Show
This misshapen blotch was once the brightest supernova ever recorded
Haunting Spirit Photography from the Age Before Photoshop
Crowdfund a board game based on Gaiman's "A Study in Emerald"
What your hands look like after 10 days underwater
Monkeys want to fit in just as much as humans do
Steam-powered AT-AT is the most romantic vehicle in the galaxy
The deadly beauty of a barn owl attacking its prey in slow motion
Artist draws himself in 100 cartoon styles
20-foot dinosaur balloon sculpture stands beside its species' skeleton
Technology isn't Magic: Why Clarke's Third Law always bugged me
Christopher Lloyd voices a medical cadaver looking for posthumous love
The Ultimate Guide to this Summer's Geekiest Art and Science Exhibits
We're mighty sick of Doctor Who stories where time travel is magic
How does Leonardo Da Vinci solve a problem like demon-possessed nuns?
The Strangest Werewolves Ever to Grace the Screen
Ze Frank performs symbolism-fueled heart surgery on a teddy bear
There's an Autobot hidden in this Custom Enterprise/Transformers toy
The TARDIS gets a little steampunk on the outside
Screw Princesses -- Disney Villains Are the Real Role Models
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Superhero Grandma
Stark Industries motorcycle spotted on The Amazing Spider-Man 2 set
Scarlett Johansson will gain superpowers in Luc Besson's Lucy
A hilariously creepy instructional video on how to build a human
The devil stops by an otherwise normal episode of Grimm
Who created this anatomically accurate model of a severed pirate head?
Star Wars BDSM toys from a kinky galaxy far, far away
Supervillains Don't Make For Very Good Speed Dates
In a spacefaring future, a girl must join with a demon to battle a god
The real actors who provided references for Disney animators
Here's the poster for Neil Gaiman's Cyberman-filled Doctor Who episode
How will Agent Coulson come back from the dead for S.H.I.E.L.D.?
This week, watch the revamped Teen Titans Go!
Late afternoon delivery from Alpha Centauri
46% of U.S. adults lacked adequate health insurance for part of 2012
Super sad true zombie crime in Michigan
A map of U.S. roads and nothing else
Physicists believe it's possible to build a perpetual motion machine
Which mainstream shows are scifi and fantasy in disguise?
All the Vampire Diaries Characters You Don't Care About Get a Spinoff!
Die Antwoord to play themselves in Neill Blomkamp’s Scifi Comedy
Neutrinos From Another Galaxy Have Been Discovered in Antarctica
Ryan Reynolds could star in Tarsem's body-swapping thriller
Do different kinds of alcohol get you different kinds of drunk?
Does a new Who Playset give us a look at an unused Ice Warrior Design?
Ents, eagles and Christopher Lees abound in Lego's LotR Orthanc set
Damon Lindelof: Star Trek is hard science fiction, not science fantasy
Steampunk kung-fu epic Tai Chi Hero: the Cure for Boring Action Movies
Chick-Fil-A really wants you to take your mom on a medieval date
Watch what happens to a boomerang in zero gravity
New artificial skin is as sensitive as human fingertips
Is it really possible to de-evolve?
Tony Stark has post-traumatic Avengers disorder in new Iron Man 3 clip
Turn Your Mobile Into a Scientific Tricorder with These Real-Life Apps
Science fiction show begins with a plane crash: what an original idea!
The Unboxing Of The Year
Eli Roth teaches us how to direct a bloody massacre for Hemlock Grove
10 Heroes Who Got More Interesting After Being Gender-Swapped
Mad nuclear scientist Anthony Hopkins joins new Red 2 trailer
If Kairos doesn't win you over in this 2-minute trailer, nothing will
This cosplay of BioShock: Infinite's Rosalind Lutece is uncanny
Dedicated Bat-fan builds himself a $150,000 Batcave
Holy crap, this ant's jaws are like a freaking bear trap
How Skynet Might Emerge From Simple Physics
Star Trek: DS9 played the most dangerously idiotic game in the galaxy
Batman villains captured in 1940s mugshots are fantastically dapper
This smart foam chair self-assembles by sproinging into shape
Korte's law governs both your brain and flashing neon signs
Earth’s inner core is as hot as the surface of the sun
So this is a robot that can steal things out of vending machines
Can Zack Snyder make Superman cool? Can SHIELD stand on its own?
Just dropping in to scare the living crap out of you
On Supernatural, Felicia Day fights the zombie soldiers in her soul
An adorable Khaleesi hosts the best Game of Thrones kids show ever
You can ask Tom Cruise's Jack Reacher any question. ANY QUESTION.
Incredible Photographs of Fractals Found in the Natural World
How it Would Play Out if Warehouse 13's Pete and Myka Hooked Up
Watch as these adorable robots evolve the ability to walk
Agent Coulson will stay dead forever unless SHIELD gets picked up
World War Z featurette refuses to mention "undead" or "zombies"
A world where you buy police protection just like you buy cable
Radioactive Bacteria Can Kill Cancer
How the legal concept of "Scientific Uncertainty" shapes your life
Princess Leia stands alone in this new Star Wars novel
Saturn looks mighty fine in infrared
The Ultimate Guide to This Summer's Science Fiction and Fantasy TV
The cruel irony of the Gruen Transfer
What are the deadliest drugs in the United States?
Listen to the only known recording of Alexander Graham Bell's voice
Ancient Maya discovery sheds new light on the origins of civilization
The Amazing Life of Sean Smith, the Masterful Eve Gamer Slain in Libya
Fringe, Cloverfield and Super 8 steal this J.J. Abrams art show
9 Classic Movies That The Cast or Crew Thought Were Garbage
First Glimpse of Nathan Fillion as a Mean Jock in Monsters University
Must Watch: Neil deGrasse Tyson Moderates a Debate on Nothingness
Arrow explores being your best friend's second-best friend
I guess this guy really likes Sailor Moon
How to Measure the Explosive Power of Volcanoes
Guillermo del Toro is making a manga series movie for HBO
Joss Whedon hints Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch are in Avengers 2
The writers of Mad Men are pitching a show about NASA in the 1960s
Starbuck goes femme fatale in Sexy Evil Genius
The next Transformers cartoon is basically the worst Gundam ever
How two-tone stars could guide us to exoplanets
These are the most well-read cities in America (according to Amazon)
Romanian archaeologists uncover medieval skeletons holding hands
What do the early reviewers say about Star Trek Into Darkness?
First live-action monster movie movie from the minds of Studio Ghibli
Three new books that will prepare you for the future of humanity
Stunning photos of plane crashes where everyone aboard survived
Zack Snyder will be asked to direct Justice League... if it happens
io9 Book Club Reminder: Meeting 5/7 to discuss The Summer Prince
What happens to love when cryogenics and dating services collide?
Quite Possibly the Most Indispensible Science Fiction Actor. Ever.
Have You Ever Seen Spacecraft Solar Panels From Behind?
Non-profit wants to clone the world's oldest trees for reforesting
A Collection of Very Strange Maps
Michael Arndt is having serious trouble writing Star Wars: Episode VII
Marc Webb reveals his "patient zero" from The Amazing Spider-Man 2
Watch The Martian Landscape In Stereo
These aren't Man of Steel's opening credits, but they should be
Every Single Comic That Will Blow Your Mind This Summer
We've never been so excited over a picture of shoes
So NASA's rover drew a penis on Mars
Asia's notorious "Tuk-Tuk" taxis could become electric vehicles
12 Fictional Afterlives That Are Worse Than Hell
This Astronaut Music Video Will Make You Cry
The Geopolitical Powderkegs Most Likely to Start the Next Major War
Mosh Pit Physics Reduces Humanity to a Gas
Why Can't Thor Just Call the Avengers for Help? Kevin Feige Explains
To become an astronaut, all you need to do is pass the Kármán line
The Thing's R.J. MacReady gets the noble portrait he justly deserves
How Pixar transformed its studio into the Monsters University campus
Kiki's Delivery Service reopens with a new live-action movie
The many, many reasons you should still hate Walking Dead’s Lori
What did Benedict Cumberbatch do to make Spock scream like this?
The Horsehead Nebula gets a reboot
Star Trek Video Game Concept Art Still Finds Room For Smarmy Kirk
Do you know more about science than the average American?
Incense flowers and magnet trees
This jaw-dropping water simulation is the most realistic yet
A Pushing Daisies star will be the villain in Guardians of the Galaxy!
How long before Marvel makes its own Daredevil movie?
You're all pronouncing Khaleesi WRONG
The littlest dragon chases a bug -- and lights some stuff on fire
Travel with Albert Einstein through Space and Time in This Comic
Italian activists create mayhem at an animal testing lab
New clip from Star Trek Into Darkness shows the lighter side of Trek
The Bizarre Phenomenon of Mass Photography
Nanomachines really are magic, according to Revolution
Make your own DNA
What would it be like to grow up as Superman’s kid?
Handy charts reveal why you've never heard of most female SF authors
Brand New Exclusive Concept Art from the Animated Adventure Epic
Japan solves your "giant Evangelion-themed bowling pin" cosplay needs
The four-winged dinosaur Microraptor had a rare taste for fish
Watch three years in the life of our sun
Ender's Game went to insane lengths to fake Zero G fight scenes
New After Earth trailer shows M. Night has no idea how evolution works
Summer Movie Preview: 34 Movies To Watch Out For
In Salsa Nocturna Stories, the people of New York dance with the dead
Curiosity is not the fastest rover on Mars
Will the universe end in a "Big Rip"?
The Greatest Game of Thrones  Joke You'll See All Week
Lost Girl's season finale leaves you wandering
A baby crib fit for a Time Lord!
Things That Will Make Literary Agents Throw Your Novel Across the Room
The 9 Sexiest Doomsday Scenarios
Snubbed scientist wants to rename the Higgs boson
There's way more ninja action in the Japanese Wolverine trailer
Researchers watch nanoparticles self-assemble for the very first time
What does the Star Trek game reveal about the destiny of the Vulcans?
If Batman took over Disney's Haunted Mansion, it would be awesome
This chemical can turn you into Poison Ivy
Defiance's second episode is better than the pilot
Watch SpaceX's Grasshopper vehicle "hop" 820 feet into the air
Watch this meteor tear a hole in the Argentinian sky
Just how complex are Man of Steel and Nolan's Interstellar?
The first Thor 2 trailer reveals Thor's biggest weakness!
Watch two fairytale characters get turned on beating a man senseless
This is a surgical amputation kit from the 19th century. That is all.
Anthropologists explain how to approach aliens parked in Earth orbit
"Sexy" Star Wars Costumes Will Give You a Disturbance in the Force
This lovely unicorn poster contains all of Peter Beagle's Last Unicorn
Lush, High-Tech Ecotopias of Today and Tomorrow
Jurassic Park re-opens for 3D business in this week’s DVDs!
Watch a gamer combine a VR headset with an omnidirectional treadmill
The kind of cloud that's most often mistaken for a UFO
Pack your bags, because your 2013 Summer Convention Guide is here
These skeleton rocking chairs are the most uninviting ever
Portal 2 writer Ted Kosmatka imagines a world where Creationism won
Storm got a haircut! First look at Halle Berry on the new  X-Men set
First Star Trek clip shows Kirk struggling with the Prime Directive
On Game of Thrones, revenge is a dish best served among friends
Official Thor 2 pics reveal Natalie Portman's magical journey
Google's Earth Day Doodle is all kinds of wrong
Remember how boring Buffy's "First Evil" was? Vampire Diaries doesn't
The Zombieland TV series is a cheap bootleg of Zombieland the movie
The psychology of hating food (and how we learn to love it)
Researcher says jocks are victims of stereotyping and discrimination
Continuum is back with more time-traveling gangs and teen genius angst
8 TV Episodes That Qualify As Psychological Warfare
Oldest European Medieval Cookbook Found
A simple but elegant demonstration of fluid density
This Week's TV: Can a new superhero show succeed where others failed?
Comedy Central cancels Futurama
The Game of Thrones theme, as played on a bell tower
That time Polish partisans stole a Nazi V2 rocket
Predator motorcycle helmets, because you ain't got time to bleed
My Knitted Boyfriend means you'll always have someone to cuddle with
Let's start blaming everything on Dungeons & Dragons again
Oh good, a mug with a handle made of human fingers
Check out all the pretty, pretty (inter)faces in Oblivion
Will John Hurt's guest spot rewrite Doctor Who history as we know it?
A demon plays a deadly game of freeze in this gory horror short
Bees pay a steep price for that whole "perpetuating the species" thing
The other clones start impersonating Sarah on Orphan Black
First official images of our new Harry Osborn and Electro's alter ego
All of Star Wars: Episode IV retold in a one-minute animation
Grand Steampunk Homes and Businesses Straight from the Alternate Past
Crowdfund an illustrated fantasy novel by Bill Willingham & Frank Cho
Jon Snow and Ygritte make a sex joke-laden rap video
Graffiti is a profound artistic act in a future ruled by ads
Gaze upon the bizarre mysteries of this hidden star cluster
Superman and Lois Lane reenact Klimt's "The Kiss"
Doctor Who's season finale title has been revealed—and it's a doozy
Sailor Moon grows up and joins a bōsōzoku biker gang
The Centipede's Dilemma: Why you forget how to do the most basic tasks
Drop everything and watch this sweet and action-packed short anime
How to raise cloned children without totally screwing them up
It's always a love story on Doctor Who these days
Curious cameras made from stuffed armadillos and turtle shells
Mockumentary from 2068 recalls the devastation caused by the Internet
Hemlock Grove has fantastic werewolves, but its story lacks bite
The Oddest Soviet Ads From The Late 19th And Early 20th Century
Incredible kaleidoscope photographs of Portuguese Man O' War Zooids
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Blue Girl in the Chemist's Lair
Rattlesnake heads can keep biting up to an hour after decapitation
Watch the brutal weapon invented on last night's Da Vinci's Demons
Cuddle up with these sloths dressed as Disney Princesses
Mother/daughter vampire duo has a bloody bond in new Byzantium trailer
In a future with one last bookstore, a boy falls in love with reading
Transformers long for Energon as they invade classic Guinness ads
Oyster pirates fight a supernatural battle for shellfish, Hergé-style
Tony's suit comes in handy on date night in latest Iron Man 3 clip
Unseen clips from the Anniversary Special Who fans would rather forget
Tom Hiddleston in talks to play the Crow
Mabel falls in love with a cloned boy band on Gravity Falls
Make your vision strobe with a toothbrush or a fart noise
Walking With Dinosaurs 3D is a visual feast
The world's oldest man turns 116 today
Producer Mark Johnson on the Galaxy Quest Sequel: "It's not over."
Mansions and Fine Art Made Especially for Cats and Dogs
Total social collapse averted; Power Girl's boob window is back
One of the first religions inspired by the internet
And now the most horrifying Star Wars costume we've ever seen
This is what a dolphin call looks like
Who would win in a fight: J.K. Rowling, or J.J. Abrams?
The Most Overwhelming Interstellar Image Ever
The Legend Of Ford's Flying Car Debunked
In House of Rumour, Ian Fleming and Aleister Crowley win World War II
Rare Photos Of The Soviet Space Program From Gagarin To Intercosmos
You're looking at the lightbulb of the future
The Scandalous History and Strange Physics of Donuts
The world that only formerly-blind people can see
34 years later, these Alien action figures are finally being released!
Michael Bay's Ninja Turtles are Teenage Mutants again
This blinding optical illusion uses motion to rob you of your sight
Babylon 5's J. Michael Stracynski explains why most TV scifi is awful
Patton Oswalt's brilliant Star Wars: Episode VII pitch has a poster
If this True Blood  rumor is true, we may have to burn down HBO
How to Build an Artificial Womb
Benedict Cumberbatch tells Kirk how much he sucks in new Trek promo
10 Once-Great TV Shows (And The Exact Moments They Started to Suck)
What makes red squirrels the greatest warriors in Squeaktown
Legendary Programmer Why The Lucky Stiff's Strange, Fascinating Novel
Oblivion has its meh moments, but one hell of a satisfying payoff
The time M.A.S.K. took a super racist Australian vacation
These animated gifs are some of the coolest we've ever seen
Watch the ISS spacewalk live for some respite from the manhunt madness
The scientist who turned a hobby into genius
This R-Rated Weird Science remake sounds kind of gross
This isn't what you think it is
Meet "Fundawear," the vibrating underwear you control with your phone
Why is the talking raccoon the heart of Guardians of the Galaxy?
Real-life Houses That Look Like They Belong in the Shire
War is shiny hell in the first Ender's Game footage
If you give kids cigarettes, Superman will @#$%ing murder you
Amazing Aftermath of the Supernova that Lit Up the Sky 1000 Years Ago
Tylenol could actually reduce your fear of death
Yellowstone's megavolcano is more terrifying than we ever imagined
Roboticists discover the secret of insect flight, and it's not wings
The NYT just posted the coolest exoplanet infographic we've ever seen
Autobots Assembled: How Transformers Come to Life
YOU is a bittersweet novel about how videogames remake our histories
A Game of Thrones director takes on an acclaimed "black list" script
First Teaser for Empire Uncut, the Star Wars Movie YOU Made
How To Train Your Dragon 2 Turned Hiccup Into One Hot Piece of CG Ass
The explosive that goes off with the touch of a feather
NASA has discovered the most Earth-like planets yet
Here's the scantily clad fantasy art you didn't know you needed
All The Reasons We Leave Earth for Dead in Science Fiction
Sister Mine proves Nalo Hopkinson is one of the best fantasy authors
The Harrison Ford/Chewbacca feud is still tearing the galaxy apart
Nine ‘80s Sword-and-Sorcery Flicks that Need Modern TV Series
Watch what happens when you wring out a washcloth in space
One state could require kids to read more science fiction in schools
Exclusive never-before-seen photos from inside J.J. Abrams' Enterprise
The illusion that lets you see the ghosts of clouds
2077 has never looked better: new VFX shots from Continuum season 2!
Moore's Law predicts life originated billions of years before Earth
Transformers 4's Chinese cast members will be decided by reality show
Barbie’s mutated proportions are even more unrealistic than we thought
Why do we get angriest at minor offenses?
The "avengers" assemble in this new Kick-Ass 2 clip
When Video Game Artists Get To Redesign Comic Book Superheroes
This is a Euk with a Uke on a Cuc. That is all.
Dude creates an ice waterfall after leaving the tap on for months
First Doctor Who Set Photo of Matt Smith and David Tennant Together!
Greatest Catwoman fan-art ever?
Monsters University is the Revenge of the Nerds remake we want
The Most Incredible Fantasy Maps You've Ever Seen
Disney plans a brand new Star Wars movie EVERY SINGLE YEAR
Jeff Bridges is a sassy zombie cop in the first R.I.P.D. trailer
Mind control for fun and excitement, in the dark Swedish film LFO
Refractographs are eye candy brought to you by physics
These Insane Houses Have Indoor Slides
Bagram Batman is the nag the Army needs right now, apparently
New AMC Show: "Blade Runner Meets BSG." Yes Please!
First Zombieland TV series trailer is funny but still feels wrong
What do you think should be your state's official microorganism?
New Lone Ranger trailer actually has a few funny moments
There's More Than One Way to Sleep
Director Shane Carruth explains the ending of Upstream Color
You Might Never Upload Your Brain Into a Computer
MSN wants to relaunch Heroes, because it hates happiness
This stunning house is a labyrinth
If you text a lot, you are probably also racist and shallow
Welcome to the macabre world of ‘execution site archaeology'
12 Phrases That Are Never a Good Sign For a Hero's Survival
Intense screencaps from Man of Steel trailer show the Fall of Krypton
Patton Oswalt's 8-minute Episode VII pitch is delightfully insane
Astronomers Have Discovered a New Type of Cosmic Explosion
True facts about the sea pig – a living, deep-sea condom with legs
A critical analysis of David Bowie’s crotch bulge in Labyrinth
Time now for some gas mask soccer
Watch this woman's face shapeshift with a simple trick of the light
Raised Footprints: When Snow Steps Up
Finally, your dog can get in on that sweet Star Wars cosplay action
Joss Whedon reveals he had sequel ideas even before he made Avengers!
First glimpse of Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity freaked us the hell out
At Last, a Man of Steel Trailer That Showcases Hot Crazy Action
A flock of birds and antigrav ships
The filthiest one-liners from the Kick-Ass 2 footage
Do you agree with this list of the best young SF novelists?
Wanna go to Mars? Better prepare your audition tape.
Why the experts are so worried about the new bird flu
These Abandoned Power Stations Are Majestic in Their Decay
It's mo' super-strength, mo' problems in this week's comics
Check out this bizarre pyramid-shaped object in deep space
What's the most underrated genre television show of all time?
Happiness is…thinking you get laid more often than your friends
Why your brain shuts down when you're afraid
Jeff Bridges completely steals the show in our first taste of R.I.P.D.
The 15 Greatest McFarlane Action Figures of All Time
Bugs can survive space-like vacuums  with "nano-suit"
Intense graphic novel about insects is like Dr. Seuss meets Darwin
Merle from Walking Dead will add some grit to Guardians of the Galaxy
Teach your kids their ABCs with Darth Vader and Iron Man art blocks
Tom Cruise joins Top Gun-with-aliens scifi flick Yukikaze
This video is indispensable for anyone who wants to make science art
How different was the unaired pilot of Game of Thrones?
Charlie Brooker argues this chiptune has never been equaled
Brontosaurus Is the Most Amazing Dinosaur Who Never Existed
The final Star Trek Into Darkness trailer reveals Kirk’s downfall
A touchscreen that even Tony Stark would love
Doctors keep skin grafts in place using parasitic worms
Dishonored Writer's New Novel Shows a Video Game Generation Being Born
A Close Look at Tom Cruise's Futuristic Motorcycle in  Oblivion
Okay, so the new Hemlock Grove trailer contains “lesbian necrophilia”
First teaser trailer for Ron D. Moore's Helix is a snowy horror show
A fascinating new way to visualize your brain's connections
Defiance is not as good as SyFy hoped it would be… yet
Allen's rule and the physics of evolution
French scientist claims bras are useless (for some people)
Buyers of Night Shade Books Also Acquiring a Great Horror Publisher
Jamie Foxx's Electro feels (and looks) blue on the Spider-Man 2 set
New magnetic putty video hypnotizes as much as it horrifies
First Picture of Patrick Stewart on set for X-Men: Days of Future Past
New World War Z  footage is goddamn relentless
We've seen the first dynamic clip of Benedict Cumberbatch in Star Trek
One day, this is how we will build ships in space
This mesmerizing video is one solution to a climate change mystery
Just one sip of beer can trigger a dopamine surge in your brain
These futuristic cities are housed inside a single, gigantic building
Here's what the hell the Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending is about
How the Boston Marathon tragedy revealed the best side of social media
Breathtaking Photo of International Space Station Racing over Ireland
It’s Repo Man vs. Iron Man vs. Gunman in this week’s DVD releases!
The Summer Prince takes us to a future Brazil with human sacrifice
Amazing Mass Effect cosplay that tells an unseen story of Aria vs Wrex
3D sonograms let blind expectant parents "see" their babies
A device that controls your mind with pleasurable stimulation
Must Watch: Dawkins, Nye, Tyson, and Stephenson Discuss Science and…
Turn your child's post-surgery walker into a Star Wars AT-AT
Is there a "shadow biosphere" on Earth?
Patton Oswalt is a perfect Penguin in the newest Badman installment
The Science of Sperm Collecting
We really hope this isn't the only post credit scene for  Iron Man 3
This pint-sized Ice Warrior action figure just wants a hug
13 Smart Podcasts That Will Feed Your Hunger for Knowledge and Ideas
What kinds of topics do you want to read about on io9?
Sorry, but you can't buy the right to name a planet
Tobias Buckell is here today answering your questions, from 2-3 PST
This Week's TV: Is Defiance the new Firefly or the new Revolution?
Exclusive preview of DC's He-Man #1 comic
90-Year-Old Woman Tries Out Oculus Rift VR Headset, Is Adorable
Was this the rapiest episode of Game of Thrones?
After Earth trailer shows the monstrous new wildlife on future Earth
A major step towards transplantable lab-grown organs
Check out Jeff Bridges and Ryan Reynolds as undead cops in RIPD
Behold, the brain from space!
Tremble at the sight of Mantis, a 2-ton walking machine
The Latest on Captain America 2, Guardians of Galaxy, and Avengers 2!
Katniss is back! And the Capitol is plotting her death in the Catching …
A piano makes a handy projectile in this Iron Man 3 clip
General Zod delivers his message to Earth in the latest Man of Steel ad
Storyboards reveal the climactic ending to the J.J. Abrams-scripted …
A star steals its partner's spotlight in the Southern Ring Nebula
Darling Illustrations of Star Wars Imperial Walkers Reimagined as…
Orphan Black's PSA of the Week: Don't bury your dead clone in a shallow…
Precocious TV Critic Manages to Sit Still Long Enough to Review an…
Gelada monkey's yodel-like gurgling could reveal origins of human speech
A surprisingly upbeat animated short about an astronaut and his dog on …
Who knew illuminated manuscripts contained so many fart and poop jokes?
The Incredible Story of Wojtek, the Soldier Bear
Freaky alien artwork from the Lost in Space Japanese soundtrack
At last, a dating simulation that lets you go on a date with a T-Rex
21-minute Oblivion featurette shows how its post-apocalyptic Earth…
Have you had your miracle this month?
Motivational Megafauna just want you to be happy
Did Disney steal this Alice in Wonderland image?
Now THIS is how you reinvent a classic Doctor Who monster!
Geometric Light Paintings Drawn by Roombas
Star Wars: Reclamation - Elaborate Fan Hoax or Lucasfilm Animation's…
Thumb-snatching aliens mess with the wrong Texas sheriff in this…
A breathtaking image of this year's strongest solar flare so far
These brilliant Walking Dead posters find zombie faces everywhere
The Bad-Ass Mormon Gunslinger of the Wild West
Things get spooky in the trailer for next week's episode of Doctor Who
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The House on Crab Legs
The scene that shows how ludicrous the tech (and sex) gets on Da…
The Strangest Tradition of the Victorian Era: Post-Mortem Photography
Aliens love soccer in this beautifully bizarre animated short
Why do so many electric things hum?
Judge Statler and Judge Piggy are the Law of Muppet Mega-City One
"Houston, we've had a problem."
Watch The Simpsons' Breaking Bad couch gag
Saturday Webcomic: Being haunted isn't the weirdest thing about …
Here's what a literal hairy eyeball looks like
Luke Skywalker is no match for Darth Mouse in the Disney/Star Wars…
The Season Finale of Archer gives us a glimpse at the origins of …
In the creepy future of Antiviral, people pay to be infected with…
One of those rare moments when a small thing gives you hope for the…
This horrific 22-foot wasp nest was found inside an abandoned house
Hugo Weaving suits up as Agent Smith to sell GE products... they've…
Can ants predict earthquakes?
Design a terrible scientific study this weekend!
Iron Man meets the doomed Starship Enterprise in the best poster…
What's the absolute worst space movie ever made?
The Creepiest Headless Portraits from the Victorian Era
Forget Oblivion, you really want to know what the critics are saying…
Looks like another DC superhero might be stopping by Arrow
People from the South aren't the fattest – they're just more honest
Is a remake of Stephen King's Cujo really coming this year?
Ronald D. Moore explains why he's back on Syfy with Helix
The Perfect Health Regimen that Only an Absolute Dictator Could Impose
How to Find the Distance To Any Spiral Galaxy
They Might Be Giants sing the praises of nanobots in "Nanobots"
This Rugged Carpet Is Washington State From Space
Where is the science fiction about ending poverty?
These are among the world's first 3D photographs of untouched snowflakes
The New Anime Series You Absolutely Need to Be Watching
Clever Firefly fan sells a "Jane hat" with a "controversial backstory"
Can We Avoid an Antibiotic Apocalypse?
The Avengers are Earth's Mightiest Sexists in Marvel's amazingly awful…
The 13 Most Ridiculous Amnesia Plots of All Time
This ancient hominin could replace Lucy as humanity's closest…
This is the first bear to ever have brain surgery
The Art and Industry of Making Monsters
Satan cackles as new Trolls Dolls movie, TV show, video game and…
The Walking Dead Season 3 Blu-ray set comes packaged in the Governor's…
Spaces On Earth Where No One Can Hear You Scream
The Real Reason Why Science Fiction Westerns Are Such a Hard Sell
Cameron Crowe is making Lost the romantic comedy with Bradley Cooper…
Find out where you can celebrate Yuri's Night!
Nearly 1 in 10 Americans would have sex with a robot
Darth Vader is one handsome Sith lord in Dark Horse's The Star Wars…
Man of Steel producer reveals how Superman's new movie could pave the…
We've sampled the X-rays from young stars outside our own galaxy
Elysium's Neill Blomkamp shares the secrets of designing a dystopia
ABC Family clearly has no idea what Batman is
Rocket science, explained with soda bottles
New Weird in New Mexico: American Elsewhere by Robert Jackson Bennett
An Earth-Sized Planet is Orbiting the Nearest Star
Awesome Underwater EVA Training Photo Of Astronaut Thomas Pesquet
When luxury cars become beautiful pieces of furniture
We've found a mysterious ancient structure under the sea
Can the cast of Defiance name each alien race from their own show?
Squid sperm will cooperate to inseminate
Science fiction authors decide: Is artificial intelligence a threat to …
See a restored print of The Last Unicorn with author Peter S. Beagle!
How to Sell Star Trek to Foreign Audiences: Downplay the Space Stuff
Epic Superhero Art in a Traditional Native American Style
'Teenage' birds are even more reckless than human teens
Did The US Mars Orbiter Just Find The Soviets' Mars 3 Lander?
The Most Miraculous Fictional Cure-Alls (and Where to Find Them)
Scientists can now turn brains invisible
How We Figured Out the Speed of Thought
Hear the new Voice of the Ice Warriors!
Did a 19th century novel inspire a group of Nazi UFO hunters?
Stephen DeKnight finally reveals some more tantalizing details about…
How I Helped Get Us To Pluto
And now gorgeous women in tiny leather shorts will kick everyone's ass…
Who is Middle-Earth's biggest Taylor Swift fan? Gollum, obviously
Early Dinosaur Embryos Found in China
12 Iconic TV and Movie Roles That Were Recast Successfully
In this adorable short filled with pop-up, paper craft monsters, our…
One Of The Stars Of Elysium Is A 140-Year-Old Nissan GT-R
The episode of Xena: Warrior Princess that set women, TV and comedy…
When the laws of science fiction and economics intersect
This man shaved two dinosaurs into his beard. That is all.
Scientists Succeed In Objectively Measuring Pain
New photos and details from Man of Steel reveal two massive changes…
The psychological principle every parent has already discovered
First tiny but awesome look at the heroes of Japan's live-action …
How did Pablo Neruda really die? Forensic science weighs in.
Whoa, Francis Crick's DNA letter has sold for $5.3 million!
Go behind the scenes of Iron Man 3, The Wolverine and Doctor Who!
What would 25-feet of sea-level rise look like IRL?
Ursula K. Le Guin and other judges pick the year's best book about…
Haunting photographs show historical events erupting into the present…
Scifi Remodel: People Who Have Converted Their Homes into Imaginary…
Because you always wanted to know what was worse than being bitten by…
An Alien Code May Be Hidden Inside Our DNA!
Robots can hate their dead-end jobs in the CG comedy short "Shelved"
This awesome Iron Man cosplay could actually control robotic…
Syfy Trying to Get Back Into the Spaceship Business...  Including …
First Oblivion Reviews: It's as lifeless as the Earth it's set on
The Party's Over:  The CW pulls the plug on Cult
Teehan+Lax releases easy-to-use hyperlapse tool, blows everyone's…
If there were a Star Wars movie starring only busty babes, this would…
Apple wasn't to blame for blocking Saga from iOS devices. Comixology…
Supercut: Every Scene Where Someone is Facing Something Incredible…
Can the Doomsday Argument predict our odds of survival?
You still haven't seen all the best Avengers and Thor concept art!
More insane discoveries from old World War II battles
The Last Months Of LucasArts (And A Glimpse Of Battlefront III)
8 Major Marvel Heroes Who Will Probably Never Get a Movie
Battlestar Galactica remade as a Friends episode
Iron Man 3 featurette introduces the new men and women in Tony Stark's…
The beginning of the Universe explained in just three minutes
There's a Massive Green Blob in Space
This changes everything: Paul Reubens to voice the White Rabbit in …
Golden Spike still needs help to send people to the Moon (because NASA …
Is the Game of Thrones TV show finally going off the rails?
This Fish Fossil Shows Why Humans Have Two Arms and Two Legs
This moonrise timelapse is the most mesmerizing thing you'll see today
The scientific innovation designed to rip off an artist's work
The Walking Dead season 3 VFX reel shows computers are the real zombie …
A Dark Knight Rises star joins Christopher Nolan's new epic …
New conspiracy documentary claims that oil companies are covering up…
Screencaps reveal the wonder and squalor of Neill Blomkamp's first …
The wrong way to write about science
The Bizarre Supernatural Web Movie With a Cameo by Martin Scorsese
Chaos Walking author Patrick Ness releases his strangest book yet
Are you really a virgin?
What's killing all the people in this exclusive book trailer for Rick…
Which TV Show Will Be Your Obsession? The Lowdown on 7 New Fall Pilots
Watch 3D-printed synthetic tissue react like the real thing
First trailer for Elysium proves that Neill Blomkamp's still got it
This unbelievable image of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo is 100% real
Want to live in a spaceship? These houses are for you.
You can't read Brian K. Vaughan's Saga on your iOS device because gay sex
When DC canceled Young Justice, it destroyed a universe of potential
Why escaping to the water wouldn't have saved you from a dino attack
What the Death of the Sun Will Look Like
Fox bans the sale of unlicensed Jayne hats from Firefly
A friendly reminder that you are mostly nothing
It's still too early to freak out about bird flu
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about Tobias Buckell's The…
Why the hell is Bruce Wayne firing a gun? Only this week’s comics…
The Truth About Why Microbes Make You Sick
26  glorious images from Star Trek: Into Darkness show how the crew…
We may possibly have our Black Panther (possibly)
10 Amazing Milestones of Early Computer Animation
Is Lost Girl going to start a race war?
First clip for This Is the End only strengthens our desire to see…
Listen to the first 760,000 years of the universe
NASA to Expand its Search for Earth-like Planets
Is it just me, or does this new Defiance trailer remind you of Firefly …
Batman and Robin's cast and crew sit down to eviscerate the world's most …
Latest science shows that size really does matter to women
The powerful, unstable explosive found in children's toys
Deep Sea Fauna with Googly Eyes
Dr. Seuss's Evil Dead is the children's book that needs to happen
How meteorites powered Earth's primordial soup
George R.R. Martin confirms a fan favorite character won't appear on …
The planetary defense mecha were on high alert
Read what happens when Astronauts poop their pants in space
A Better Deal for Night Shade Books' Authors
A new post-apocalyptic vision from Angry Robot Books
These Are The Most Amazing Snowmobiles Ever Built
Val Kilmer dons the Bat-cowl again. Things do not go well.
New Under The Dome trailer shows what happens when you touch the Dome
Doll House furniture made out of human skin
Alien life in our solar system, according to pulp-art legend Frank R.…
Cities of the Future Will Be Swarming With These Insects
We've seen 10 minutes of Neil Blomkamp's Elysium, and it is AWESOME
Stunning photos of super-dense Hong Kong apartments look like Borg…
Finally, a movie that shows the dangers of trying to give birth to a…
Man Spaghetti might be the most demented animated film we've ever seen, …
This scaleless Antarctic fish has crystal clear blood
How Bayes’ Rule Can Make You A Better Thinker
Holy crap, somebody's selling a Hubble Telescope control console on eBay
The Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell TV show starts filming this summer!
Everything you need to know about the five ice ages of Earth…
It's Justice League vs. Justice League vs. Justice League in DC's summer …
Game of Thrones Week 2: You can't let bullies change who you are
The Best Free, Online Short Stories from February and March
First official image for Captain America: The Winter Soldier
10 Movie Taglines That Were Straight-Up Lies (And What They Should…
Fill in the blank: A gaggle of geese, a pride of lions, a ________ of…
This Week's TV: The writer of The Dark Knight creates the most unlikely …
Blake's got a personal vendetta in SyFy's Blake's 7
Will Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy be set in the year 2045?
Every subway system in North America, connected
An Ode to Felicity Smoak, the Coolest Character on Arrow
PETMAN is the Terminator's less violent kid brother
This life-size E.T. puppet is the creepiest thing that has ever existed
Every language needs its, like, filler words
How dark will the Governor (and Carl) get on The Walking Dead? Plus…
The clones are piling up (and wielding knives) on Orphan Black
Monkeys are the most stressed when they're stuck in the middle
NASA plans to send humans to an asteroid by 2021
Concept art for the Hulk-vs.-Insect-Men movie that never was and Billy …
8 Abandoned Antarctic Whaling Stations and Bases that are Still Amazing
Turkish TV show neglects to put special effects in a scene
Crowdfund a futuristic model city made of LEGO and documentary about…
Perhaps the most beautiful Doctor Who-inspired wedding shoot in all of …
Game of Thrones-inspired house sigils celebrate scientific exploration
Glow-in-the-dark 2001: A Space Odyssey poster is mind-blowing when the …
A zombie-bitten father tries to save his infant daughter in this…
Ben Kingsley's Mandarin addresses the President in the latest Iron Man…
Judge Death costume is the perfectly terrifying law
S.H.I.E.L.D. is now 'Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.'
Have you had your taste buds hijacked?
What if The Little Mermaid was about a mermaid who wants to snuggle…
How do you make eggs out of plants? (And why?)
Doctor Who's new companion is only lovable when the show isn't trying to …
Brilliant and bejeweled prostheses designed to stand out instead of…
9 of the Most Fascinating Abandoned Mansions from Around the World
Chris Hadfield shows us why it's uncomfortable to cry in space
Cult finally shows us the kiddie Manson cult behind the show
Steve Carell and James Gandolfini will play history's wackiest feuding…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Alien at the Dinner Table
Dramatic diagrams of cell biology and atomic structure belong in a…
If David Tennant had stayed on Doctor Who, he would have traveled with …
Watch the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles theme reenacted with ordinary…
Monroe stars in “The Great Brain Vasectomy Caper” in this week’s Grimm
Caption this comic for a chance to win a copy of Vader's Little…
The all-lady X-Men team gets a high-fashion group portrait
Saturday Webcomic: A cartoonist rediscovers the joy (and sex) of…
Behold the cursed ring that may have inspired Tolkien's One Ring
When a man gets stuck in a monster costume, the whole village teams up …
Nukes, Government Blackmail, and Vegan Seafood on Archer
The cities hovered in clouds
Cisco is working with the Chinese government, on Person of Interest!
How a Beautiful Woman With a Cow's Tail Will Win Your Heart in Thale
The One Awesome Fact About Lasers That You Need to Know
What's next on Arrow, now that Tommy has made a fateful choice?
Why Dubstep Comes From the Future
Will the  Mortal Instruments movie keep the gay hero from the books?
Modern Day Hermits and Robinson Crusoes
Khaleesi Has a Theme Song
What you should know about the new avian bird flu
New X-Men: Days Of Future Past image reveals which mutant has aged the …
So they updated Evil Dead by making it torture porn with a little…
Night Shade Books' would-be owners on their controversial deal: "We're…
The Brilliant Scientist Who Was Destroyed by America
Is This Dingo Mother Mourning Her Dead Pup?
When Godzilla fought the Loch Ness monster, everybody lost
Transformers: Beast Hunters Images That Belong on the Wall of Your Rec …
Could you outrun a Tyrannosaurus rex?
First Look at Tilda Swinton as a Passenger on the Post-Apocalyptic…
New pictures from Elysium show the dirty underbelly of Matt Damon's…
10 Unusual Genetic Mutations in Humans
Tony Stark taunts terrorists in the first Iron Man 3 clip
The Very First Close Encounter With Planet Saturn
These portraits were drawn with mathematical equations
Brain Scans Can Predict What You're Dreaming About
Exclusive clip from the second episode of Orphan Black escalates the…
Upstream Color is the first masterpiece of the year
The Dark Knight Returns' Carrie Kelley may be Batman's new Robin
Could You Actually Build BioShock Infinite’s Floating City in Real…
Neil Patrick Harris + sulfur hexafluoride = the booming voice Dr.…
The illusion that removes your ability to see numbers
Back to Jurassic Park: A Paleontological View
Disney Princesses make for some pretty intimidating Sith Lords
Stock photographs of "scientists" are way more hilarious than you ever…
Major Hints About Iron Man 3, Jurassic Park 4, Ninja Turtles and …
Concept Art from the Doctor Who Animated Series We're Glad Never…
The Walking Dead Creator: Women Are 'Generally Physically Weaker. That's …
The original writer of  Prometheus is reinventing The Black Hole
Tomorrow's Material World is Being Built at the Molecular Foundry
First trailer for the Carrie remake shows the climax Stephen King…
The Best Science Fiction Novels of 2012, According to the Clarke Awards
The sale of Night Shade Books is killing the best new science fiction…
Who's the character you most want to see die in the new Evil Dead?
Use a simple trick to convince people that you're Magneto
Time (and coincidence) are on our side on Supernatural
Warwick Davis answers the Willow question that's been bothering us for…
The Subterranean Wonder of Abandoned Subway Stations
R.I.P. Roger Ebert, The Man Who Made Millions Fall in Love with Movies
A breathtaking video montage of time-lapse clips taken from orbit
Rumor: Marvel planning Inhumans film modeled on Game of Thrones?
Is Disney about to destroy the Star Wars Expanded Universe Altogether?
Behold, the most distant supernova explosion ever photographed
An exclusive Doctor Who clip shows Clara tasting forbidden fruit!
Video proof that dragonflies are nature's ninjas
Curse Me Like You Mean It: Using Psychology to Make Your Curses…
Antique Shark-Tooth Sword Reveals a Lost World
A heaping helping of all-new Avengers deleted scenes
The science behind meditation, and why it makes you feel better
Night Shade Books Editor in Chief on the buyout: "This is the last…
Every human has a "breathprint" – what does yours say about you?
Holy @#$%, scientists have just discovered Cthulhu — wait, make that …
12 Computers Who Are Complete Bastards
At last, a warrior vanquishes the Green Arrow
Bees are actually capable of deductive reasoning
Peter Jackson trolls the world, flaunts his copy of the Star Wars:…
New Interface Allows Humans to Move a Rat’s Tail With Their Thoughts
The psychological test that Darwin first invented
Four clips from Oblivion reveal Tom Cruise's big post-apocalypse…
AMC grants geek wishes in new reality show
The CG Captain Harlock movie still looks completely badass, if you…
How far is it to Mars?
Watch as this massive ice-sheet rips and shreds itself apart off Alaska
A shocking possible title and intriguing description for Doctor Who's…
Even the great ones will meet their demise
This t-shirt gives you one kitty to beam up
Watch Curiosity Rover's parachute flap in the Martian wind
The Rules of Good Nutrition (That Absolutely Everybody Agrees On)
Another indie publisher on the ropes: Night Shade Books plans an asset …
Food in Space: Great Photos of Astronaut Meals, from the Early Space…
When it comes to obsessing about death, Woody Allen has nothing on the …
Billionaire Plans to Fill Parks With Hundreds of Giant Robot Dinosaurs
Zoe Saldana could play the green-skinned ass-kicker Gamora in …
What's better after the apocalypse: dick jokes or poop jokes? We asked…
Bruce Campbell explains the secret of great film-making: "give a sh-t,…
Oh this? Nothing. Just the 3D-printed skeleton of a living, breathing…
Learn How to Connect With Your Dog Telepathically With This Simple…
Amy Pond shills make-up for the living dead
An Exclusive Chapter from Republic of Thieves, by Lies of Locke Lamora …
The first image of Earth taken by a weather satellite
What if Game of Thrones   took place entirely on Facebook?
Disney Shuts Down LucasArts, Cancels Star Wars 1313 And Star Wars:…
12 Movies that Are Incredibly Beautiful and Utterly Vapid
How do you fix America? By legalizing all crime for one night a year…
Iain M. Banks posts a sad, brave announcement of his impending death
Check out Neil deGrasse Tyson's hand-drawn map of Manhattan(henge)
How the Tar Sands Are Crushing Science in Canada
The Falcon joins the newest round of Marvel Phase Two movie concept…
Our New Favorite Hobby: Robot Shaming
Watch the first two episodes of the delightful stop-motion webseries …
Is the Governor the true hero of The Walking Dead?!
Watch this black hole take a bite out of a rogue super-Jupiter
A Gorgeous Ultra-HD Video Reel of the San Francisco Bay Area
Two views of the Earth in ultraviolet
This is what happens when you give a baby a lightsaber
A classic monster returns for Doctor Who's 50th anniversary. Plus …
Check out the first footage of Thor 2 and glimpses of Ant-Man!
FBI comes clean about infamous "UFO memo"
NASA Researchers: Nuclear power will kill fewer people than natural gas
How does Being Human  manage to make a zombie fashion show cute?
io9 Book Club Reminder: Meeting 4/9 to discuss Tobias Buckell's The…
The comic book that can explain synthetic biology to anyone
What's your favorite ultimate weapon of all time?
Maintain your geek cred with these scifi-themed computer components
Is it time we got over the taboo against human enhancement?
Your Exclusive First Look at Guy Gavriel Kay's Epic New Novel, River of …
Mad gods! Jesus clones! Snow angels! Ice cream trucks! You can’t…
Lost Girl, featuring the world's worst detectives and the world's…
The Most Demented Episodes of Supposedly Realistic TV Shows
Lightspeed Presents... "Deus Ex Arca" by Desirina Boskovich
Can we all just agree to replace regular leggings with science…
I've Seen the Worst Memes of My Generation Destroyed by Madness
New trailer for The Conjuring reveals how ineffective the 1970s…
The new This Is the End redband trailer contains Michael Cera's graphic …
How Shane Carruth's Upstream Color Explains Your Dysfunctional…
Air pollution linked to 1.2 million deaths in China
Unsatisfied with this world? This book will help you create your own.
Is this the first image of Captain America's new nemesis The Winter…
We get it, Revolution: Old people are terrible
The Earth As Seen From 100 Million Miles Away
8 Reasons Movie Reboots Fail
Did Pacific Islanders reach South America before Columbus?
Fully clothed female superheros finally look like they can fight crime …
Obama has announced a $100-million brain mapping project
Mortal Instruments is like the sexy Harry Potter who kills with swords …
The Titans fight giant robots and long grocery store lines in the…
Can Music Be More Effective Than Drugs?
NASA launches beautiful interactive gallery in recognition of Earth…
So that's what lightsabers with lens flares would look like
New Screen Lets You Smell Items as They Appear
First Image of a Brand New Starship in Star Trek Into Darkness
Well hello, beautiful space station
The io9 Calendar: Your Ultimate Guide to Everything Science Fiction…
The very best April Fools Jokes from 2013: The Mars Rover Goes Rogue!
How do we mourn the animals used in scientific research?
We'll admit it: Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters  actually looks kind of…
How do you make an Evil Dead movie after Cabin in the Woods?
Family Man Made Great Chili, Discovered Relativity
Here are the stars we are most likely to visit after leaving the solar …
The Cutest Cosplay We Saw at Wondercon!
Stephen Colbert grills Peter Jackson on Elvish Folklore in The Hobbit
We are entering a new era of original science fiction movies, says …
The Avengers assemble themselves into Earth’s mightiest Blu-ray…
How Germany Planned to Fry the World
TV This Week: A Tribute to the Greatest Monster Maker of All Time
Artificial plants could one day power your home
The 20 Most Epic Beards and Mustaches in the Multiverse
Concept art of the strangest creature on last night's Game of Thrones
Game of Thrones Week One: Alliances You Already Know You'll Regret…
Meet Annikin Starkiller and his lazer sword in the comic adaptation of …
Time magazine's "How To Cure Cancer" cover is just awful
How Much Longer Before Our First AI Catastrophe?
Behold, the first footage from Stephen King's new TV series Under the…
Archaeologists have discovered a "trove" of neanderthal bones in Greece
Nursery School named after  Pinky And The Brain is certainly up to no…
The Walking Dead season finale replaces its epic confrontation with…
Google Maps unveils "Treasure Mode"
Bioshock Infinite: The Movie is already here for your viewing pleasure
We've created a mutant creature that took over the world
Robert Redford talks Captain America: The Winter Soldier. And why was …
Don't freak out, but our galaxy might be surrounded by 2,000 rogue…
Matt Smith confirms he'll still be starring in Doctor Who in 2014
This werewolf transformation might be the coolest thing we saw at…
We saw this week's new episode of Arrow – plus more things to come!
These stars are half as old as the dinosaurs
The Doctor Who theme song, performed on Tesla coils
Brian K. Vaughan gives us the first glimpse inside his new show Under…
Orphan Black teaches you to steal your clone's identity for fun and…
This bizarre meteorite may be first ever discovered from Mercury
True Blood Is Bringing the Crazy Back for Season Six
The winner of the 2013 Philip K. Dick Award has been announced!
NASA Captures New Photo of Potential "Comet of the Century"
What would happen if the Sun just... disappeared?
Star Trek and Doctor Who unite over... sugary cereal?
How to murder someone with bananas. And also bees.
The New York Times fails miserably in its obituary for rocket…
The studio did not want to let James Franco and Seth Rogen play…
Is Clara the new River Song on Doctor Who?
These astonishing photo compositions contain thousands of naked bodies
Javier Grillo-Marxuach says there's more Middleman in the works!
The new Evil Dead movie could lead to a crossover, where Jane Levy's…
The nominees for the 2013 Hugo Awards have been announced!
Don't just sit there.... play something!
Cassandra Clare's Mortal Instruments has become a movie that has…
Hundreds of Charles Darwin's previously unpublished letters to be…
This is what it's like to be devoured alive by a plant
The Conjuring looks like the scariest horror movie of the year
Guillermo Del Toro on Pacific Rim: We built several blocks of Hong…
Clear your schedule: Netflix is now streaming Adventure Time, Robot…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Jellyfish That Came from Space
How one women plays over 5 different clones (and counting) Orphan…
All the profanity in Game of Thrones in one video
A Grimm PSA: When an acid-secreting goblin asks you on a date, don’t…
Fruit bats enjoy cunnilingus, too
Strange Architecture Of The Tito And Ceausescu Regime
Saturday Webcomic: A salvager battles monsters and miasma in…
Confirmed: David Tennant and Billie Piper will return for Doctor Who's…
This week's episode of Ultimate Spider-Man gives Carnage a New Origin
The Most Astonishing Cosplay at Wondercon 2013
After the war, dinosaurs returned to New Zealand
This is my favorite new bizarro science scandal on the internet
How to take the temperature of an entire ocean
So what exactly is the difference between Katherine and Elena now, on …
People who age prematurely could soon benefit from rejuvenation…
Here is even MORE evidence that vaccines don't cause autism. So you can …
G.I. Joe: Retaliation concept art shows off a very different Cobra…
Oh @#$%, Bruce Timm is leaving DC animation?!
Wildlife photos that blur the line between reality and fantasy
Fan movie Judge Minty looks even better than Karl Urban's Dredd
These beautiful portraits of whales will make you weep at the wonder…
You really should check out Orphan Black tomorrow
Is your DNA wrecked? Find out, with the hyperchromic effect.
io9's March TV Madness: Star Trek vs. Doctor Who in the Final…
The R2-DD2 is the bra you've been looking for
The Bizarre Case of the Stratospheric Skyfish
Reminder: Get free tickets to see Evil Dead in San Francisco on…
Watch This Commie Retro-Futuristic Space Tale
This profanity-filled anthem is for every person who read Game of…
Engineers Build The First Robot Ant Society
We would pay good money for just one episode of Adventurama
True facts about the naked mole rat, nature's best impression of a…
10 Great Stories About Epic Power Struggles
This new discovery will finally allow us to build biological computers
This robotic jellyfish could be the future of aquatic surveillance
The Host is the most terrible movie you'll ever fall in love with
It's Captain Kirk vs. the Gorn: The Rematch!
Spoilery character reveal changes everything we thought we knew about  …
The time Buck Rogers saved the galaxy from the horrors of rock and roll
The man who used letters to make explosions more destructive
Are geoengineering insects behind Africa's bizarre fairy circles?
"The Pope of Foam" explains the art and science of beer
Has Christopher Nolan's Interstellar found its leading man? Plus more …
What are the most beautiful places on Earth, as seen from space?
Magazines have finally killed blogs -- but in a way you never expected
Help raise money for this kickass NASA video to appear before Star…
The G.I. Joe PSA that almost made it into the new movie
'60s comic superheroes invade modern comic movies, and it's awesome
Hilarious and Awesome Computer Ads from the Golden Age of PCs
How Will Humans Respond to Immortality?
Jeff VanderMeer gets movie deal for his forthcoming Southern Reach…
R.I.P. Paul Williams, pioneering music journalist and Philip K. Dick's…
Supernatural takes a break from the Big Bad . . . with vampires
This egg is worth more than your car
The market has spoken! Atlas Shrugged Part 3 comes out next year!
Why can't Hollywood make a decent fairy tale movie?
Who should be responsible when your robotic surgeon f*cks up?
This is a picture of the lightest substance on Earth
How To Recognize the Plastics That Are Hazardous To Your Health
Winter is coming, so why not get yourself a real-life Dire Wolf?
What Happens When a Sex Machine Tears You Apart Instead of Bringing…
The Ten Most Unbelievable Military Testing Videos
Even single-celled organisms support marriage equality
Judy Greer to help usher in the Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
Twenty Awesome Covers From The US Space Program
12 Real Parasites That Control the Lives of Their Hosts
Anna Bixby, The Treasure-Hoarding Epidemiologist
The Jurassic Park/Star Wars mash-up JurAT-AT Park is the most magical…
Buckminster Fuller's Dymaxion map reveals the near-contiguity of Earth's …
Damon Lindelof promises he didn't screw over Prometheus 2
The White House responds to the creepy alien body guards conspiracy
Skeletal Remains of Neanderthal/Human Hybrid Found
G.I. Joe: Retaliation is so good we should all pretend the first movie …
It never pays to be a parent on Arrow
This is how sunscreen looks to birds and bees
Watch this magnetic silly putty devour a rare-earth magnet
Oklahoma’s strongest earthquake has been linked to the oil industry
Steven Moffat drops a 50th anniversary Doctor Who hint. Plus…
Breakthrough research suggests simple ways to reverse chronic pain
Come see Evil Dead with us this Tuesday!
We can't wait for Steven Universe, the new show from one of Adventure…
These waveform wedding rings are the geekiest thing you'll see today
How crocodile extinction led to dinosaur domination
Sea Hare Ink Is One of Nature's Most Unusual Bioweapons
Birdemic, the all-time champion of bad movies, is getting a sequel!
The Amazing World of Photo Editing Before Photoshop
Proof that  Toy Story and  The Walking Dead are basically the exact…
Think your sex life is complicated? Imagine having 7 sexes.
Doctor Who really does need more female writers
Is the Prometheus sequel stalled out just because nobody knows how to…
Douglas Rushkoff, author of Present Shock, is here to answer your…
The Host and Gattaca director Andrew Niccol explains his obsession…
io9's March TV Madness: Doctor Who vs. Star Trek: TNG! Buffy vs. …
J. Michael Straczynski teams up with the Wachowskis for a new scifi TV …
Was a famous patient who believed he lived on other planets actually…
Volcanic Lightning: How does it work?!
Are these what the robot cops look like in J.J. Abrams new TV series …
Why you should avoid ‘black henna' tattoos
Proof that Disney's Paperman short was just a ploy for a threesome
12 Most Mortifying Moments in the History of Doctor Who
Packages sealed with "Atheist" tape go missing 10x more often than…
A New Kind of Supernova Has Been Discovered
R.I.P. Don Payne, writer of both Thor movies, The Simpsons and more
Saturn's Moon Enceladus, to Scale
Kick-Ass 2 trailer shows what happens when Hit Girl tries out for the…
Do vampires pee? An investigative study
This modified microbe could turn carbon emissions into fuel
Video games help the blind navigate new environments
The first Wolverine trailer shows big trouble in actual Tokyo
How long can you survive by eating yourself?
Find out the theme of this season of Game of Thrones. Plus new details …
Reform School on Another Planet
6,000-year-old stone penis unearthed in Israel
The 1969 novel that accurately predicted the world of 2013
Gorgeous, Strange and Intense Propaganda Posters  from China in the…
New brain scan predicts criminal activity before it happens
I can't stop looking at these mutant fruitflies
This Week’s Comics: What the heck are the Guardians of the Galaxy…
Church uses The Walking Dead to advertise for Easter, because OBVIOUSLY
Which Star Wars character do you most NOT want to see in Episode VII?…
These spectacular images show why they call it the ‘OMG’ microscope
Evil Girl vs. Shape-Changing Squirrel Ninja Boy
ON REREADING-Guy Gavriel Kay
The Unsettling Theories about The Shining That You Haven't Heard Yet
Revolution is a lot more interesting now that it's a show about an arms …
The physics of fluid, revealed in spellbinding color
I Donated My Body to Medicine
Captain America 2 may have just hired Marvel's most insane movie…
James Cameron has donated his record-breaking submarine to science
The second funniest superhero comic of the 1990s is back... but will…
Bo is a camp counselor fighting the lamest monster ever on Lost Girl
Joss Whedon's Biggest Setbacks (And How They Could Help Make …
The first picture ever of a Tatooine-like binary star system. Maybe.
The 10 Most Useless Members of G.I. Joe
Parks and Recreation recast as members of the Justice League, but…
How this millionaire activist is making atheism the next civil rights…
Are men who pay for sex normal, or just weird?
Dany's dragons are the terrifying stars of the newest Game of Thrones…
Stop what you are doing and watch the entire series of Amethyst:…
Why Being Alone Is Hazardous to Your Health
The Scharnhorst Effect claims we've got the speed of light wrong
Thirty wolves howling in unison will give you chills
Who has the best live-action Wonder Woman outfit? The Wonder Woman…
Fisherman finds a bull shark with two heads
Which would-be king faces the greatest challenge on Game of Thrones?…
The Day the Probes Hit
Congratulations Once Upon A Time, you have created the most horrifying …
Daft Punk hasn't had a good album in 12 years, but we still love them…
The 1970s Version of 4Chan Relied on Telephones for Their Pranks
What Happened to All the Birds in the Most Recently Colonized Regions…
The Most Astounding Steam-Powered Vehicles in History
Skinless Mickey Mouse will haunt your dreams
Where are your gods now? Brett Ratner is really filming a Hercules…
A Robotic Snake That Acts Like a Python
How do you give an animal an IQ test?
BioShock Infinite: The Kotaku Review
Meet Wolf Cop, Canada's greatest werewolf with a badge
This Week's DVDs: H.P. Lovecraft, Lego Star Wars and the Most…
Watch the first 14 minutes of Syfy's Defiance right now
GMOs are one solution to an ancient puzzle
This map shows the incredible extent of Friday's meteor sightings
A Brand New Mystery About Star Trek Into Darkness: What is MC-9321?
Why we study duck penises
io9's March TV Madness: Star Trek vs. The X-Files! Plus the Whedon…
How Artists Once Imagined the Earth Would Look from Space
Now you can read the first cyborg novel ever published
Get your first look at the Battle Room in the Ender's Game movie poster
When an Ordinary Schmo Gets an All-Powerful Sidekick (And Still Can't…
And now 6 seconds of Hugh Jackman snarling and slashing from The…
The 10 Creepiest Ventriloquist Dummies of All Time
The '60s Batman show returns with a new comic and the best SDCC…
Why training yourself to be ambidextrous is a bad idea
This Week's TV: Game of Thrones and Doctor Who return, but are you…
Pepper Potts suits up in her own armor in the newest Iron Man 3…
Meet Prince Rupert's Drop. It's about to blow your mind.
The Pentagon Wants a Computer That Can Teach Itself
The plant that darkens your skin permanently
Merle decides who lives and who dies in a pretty terrific Walking Dead
Perhaps the funkiest scientific journal cover ever published
What's so bad about extinction, anyway?
J.J. Abrams has some vague thoughts on Star Wars: Episode VII. Plus,…
Crowdfund a feature-length adaptation of Harry Harrison's Bill, the…
What happens when female fantasy adventurers read comics with skimpily …
Pterosaurs have 27-feet wingspans, are named after 9-year-old girls
A star is taking down the Carina Nebula from the inside
Gandalf and Radagast inspect an ancient tomb in the first clip from …
Watch four hours of Aurora Borealis compressed into three stunning…
Sock puppets are just as evil as ventriloquist dummies in this…
Tony Stark loves being a superhero in the latest Iron Man 3 TV spot
Watch Every Star Trek Episode for Free!
Oregon school cancels zombie survival classes, ensures students will…
Spooky photographs of San Francisco's real-life Pet Cemetery
This gory, goofy animation captures what it's like to read Game of…
We would read this Scooby-Doo/Hellboy mash-up in a demon Great Dane's…
Grab some sunglasses and watch this video to experience the Pulfrich…
Download the first episode of the BBC's Neverwhere radio drama
13 brilliant pieces of Clara Oswin Oswald fan art to get you ready for …
Noooooooo! Lucasfilm is canceling Clone Wars without revealing Ahsoka's …
Marvel should attach this short animation to all of their movies
Creepy wedding cake is adorned with realistic chocolate animal skulls
Dora the Explorer channels Indiana Jones in her live-action parody…
Jason Voorhees enjoys some goofy time off in Saturday the 14th
Anti-rape PSA from the Harry Potter Universe warns against the use of…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Man and His Moon
River Song, Weeping Angels and Silurians invade Art history in these…
Gates McFadden has way too much fun with her Beverly Crusher action…
Check out the view from the top of the world's tallest building
You see one South African fly-man that spits worms in his victims'…
Bartkira is a cyberpunk tale of Neo-Springfield
Why wear Jayne Cobb's hat when you can dress as Jayne's hat?
Saturday Webcomic: A roboticist meets his transgender robot…
Brad Pitt travels the zombie-infested world in the latest World War Z…
The Doctor gets advice on the playground in the prequel to "The Bells…
Season 3 of Transformers: Prime begins with Optimus Prime nearly dead
The IRS spent $60,000 making a truly awful Star Trek parody
The Cities of Europa Glow in Icy Fissures Beneath Jupiter's Swirling…
Here's how the ancient Egyptians sucked the guts out of their mummies
Her Amazing Dress is Made of Magic: The Gathering Cards. So Is Her Axe.
Hot Damn! Riddick's back, and he's still scarier than a gang of monsters
Holy sh*t, that is one enormous crocodile
Fans of morally gray characters really need to be watching Vampire…
These photographs capture the terror, joy and weirdness of the USSR's…
Spoiler-Free Review of Next Week's Doctor Who Premiere!
Robert Redford might be joining Captain America 2 and the Marvel…
How the U.S. Cracked Japan's 'Purple Encryption Machine' at the Dawn of…
Pacific Rim shows you what it looks like when Kaiju take a dump on…
Chimps are better at teamwork than anyone realized
The high-tech way to test spiciness
Jaime Lannister gets dirty in the newest Game if Thrones season 3…
io9's March TV Madness: Vote Now for the Final Four Science Fiction and …
Could Kiss of the Damned save vampires from Hollywood overexposure?
The Different Girl is a classic children's fable, on a par with The…
Michael Bay's Teenage Mutant Ninjas Turtles will be motion-captured
You can see more than fifty percent of the Moon. Here's why.
The science of swarms will blow your mind
10 White People Who Inexplicably Became Ninjas
Millions of deaths indicate we're all eating too much salt
Scientists find 8 impossibly adorable new frogs in a single forest
The Croods is a movie that teaches your children to play in traffic
The Disney Princesses Springbreakers Trailer: Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo,…
The Milky Seas Effect is why the ocean sometimes glows blue
Will Old People Take Over the World?
Someone please make a TV show out of this adorable, child-eating witch …
The evil wizards of Time-Warner Cable have stolen Daenerys Targaryen's…
The Planck Satellite Discovers Extra Dark Matter In the Universe
Morgan Freeman, in a CERN hard hat, inside the Large Hadron Collider
How does War Machine help save the day in Iron Man 3? Plus a truly…
The Squid Robot in its Natural Habitat
Goodbye Stranger, Hello Nurse (Meg)
So...did anyone else watch Bates Motel?
That Wacky 1960s Superman Musical is Getting an Off-Broadway Revival,…
Disney will gut Pete's Dragon and sell its corpse
What's the Best Futuristic Uniform in the entire Universe?
Swarms of robots could be mining asteroids within a generation
These large-scale anamorphic illusions are absolutely spectacular
Neil deGrasse Tyson is the saint of science and he has the religious…
The Fading Grandeur of Abandoned Soviet Space Facilities
Lightspeed Presents… “Biographical Fragments of the Life of Julian…
Further evidence that volcanoes can destroy life on Earth
The Most Science-Fictional Buildings on Earth, Transported to Other…
The Man Who Tried to Invent a Telegraph Made Out of Telepathic Snails
Peter Jackson wants to direct a Doctor Who episode. His fee? One Dalek.
Watch the child who lived in the Amityville Horror  house recall his…
Great Science Fiction and Fantasy Creators Who Started Out Writing…
The Mushroom That's Only Poisonous If You're Also Drinking
US government holds hearings on what to do about asteroid defense
Your afternoon catharsis: wet animals shaking in slow motion – for…
Take a tour of Tom Cruise's sweet spaceship from Oblivion
North Korea blows up the U.S. Capitol building in this latest batshit…
This off-road robot could help revolutionize the exploration of other…
Are you ready for a Game of Thrones prequel TV series?
Watch the best part of Oz The Great and Powerful right here
10 Bad Movies (That Could Have Been Good With Just One Change)
Crowdfund this: The evil forces of COBRA
Arrow proves the only tool you need is a crossbow
How Drinking Caffeine Could Save Your Life
Neil Gaiman returns to Marvel, and he's bringing a Spawn character with …
There was a time when Iron Man sucked so bad he couldn’t get a credit…
This human-toothed fish won't give you nightmares, but its cousin will
Zombies invade Downtown Abbey and the Dowager Countess is quite…
Will we survive our technology?
Wolverine will be like a wandering samurai in his new movie. Plus More …
Latest Star Trek Into Darkness trailer promises an intense battle of…
R.I.P. James Herbert, author of The Rats
This pill will permanently lower your IQ
The Deleted Scenes (and Last Minute Changes) in the First Two Seasons…
This 1833 Letter Is The Very First Instance Of Calling Bullshit On An…
The Weirdest Aircraft of the 20th Century
Apollo F-1 engines recovered from the bottom of the Atlantic by Bezos…
It's raining ninjas in this awesome 4-minute G.I. Joe: Retaliation…
8-Bit GIFs of iconic scifi and fantasy films are infinite loops of…
The Walking Dead: Survival Instinct Is The Worst Game I've Played This…
Entertainment Weekly's new Doctor Who cover has an animated sonic…
Inside Secrets of the Making of Star Trek II: Wrath of Khan and "Space…
io9's March TV Madness: Doctor Who vs. Lost, Game of Thrones vs. DS9,…
Could you drink beer instead of water and still survive?
This timelapse of Yosemite National Park is going to be epic
The Science Fiction Books that Inspired SpaceX's Elon Musk
The Bizarre History of Insect Head Transplants
Will this nefarious plan to transform Homo sapiens really work?
A Baggins Bonsai Fit For a Pocket-Sized Hobbit
11 of the Weirdest Solutions to the Fermi Paradox
Darth Vader has no idea how to get to Tokyo Disneyland
The artists who made you fall in love with Magic: The Gathering are…
Exclusive look at The Shining documentary Room 237's newest poster
Geneticists: Giant squid are “very weird”
When the nerds go to war with the geeks, who will survive?
Researchers Sequence Full Neanderthal Genome
The cast of Game of Thrones sings its theme song
Here are all the ways we died in the 20th Century
Edgar Wright's Ant-Man movie test footage finally revealed!
Tons More Clues About  Thor: The Dark World and Iron Man 3. Plus…
What Will Human Cultures Be Like in 100 Years?
Who's your favorite space pirate?
Lost Girl offers some tantalizing mysteries along with the Dawning
Why is the stuffed corpse of a great philosopher at University College …
The first few minutes of BBC America's Orphan Black include the…
Honduras sheep attacks spark more chupacabra fears
Will the fate of Zuko's mom from Avatar: The Last Airbender finally be…
You really don't want Game of Thrones to last 10 seasons
What it's like growing up with a futurist mother
This image could be the first step toward mapping human thoughts
What Is This Dog Feeling?
Here's how director Brad Bird would have made Return of the Jedi…
The Most Incompetent Evil Henchmen of All Time
The incredible bridge design that could take Portland into the future
Gru learns the most common supervillain mistake, in a new Despicable…
Wow, this Ice Age horror movie starring Laurence Fishburne looks…
What Earth would look like with its oceans and landmasses swapped
50 Great "Doctor-ish" Moments from 50 Years of Doctor Who
Scientists build ‘phasers’ out of sound
Political Intrigue In Video Games
The strangest asteroid that astronomers had ever seen
Ian McKellan is about to marry Patrick Stewart
Curiosity Rover has been sidelined again
Katrina-like hurricanes could become 10 times more likely
Using balls to simulate a supernova
This real-life Hogwarts reading list is absolutely brilliant
Escape from New York is getting rebooted into a trilogy
Quadcopters now have eagle-like talons to snatch prey — er, objects
Major Hints About X-Men: Days of Future Past, Godzilla and Doctor Who!
A new kind of zombie comes to life in disturbing BBC series In the…
At last, Once Upon a Time uses fairytale tropes to rip out your heart
In the aftermath of the War of the Gods, one man will stop at nothing…
Oz:  The Great and Powerful concept art is lovely in its whimsical…
What's the worst superhero makeover of all time?
All the secrets, reveals and new characters hidden in 3 new Game of…
Glamorize your extinction!
The bizarre copycat architecture of China
Bat-eating spiders are everywhere (except Antarctica)
This great forgotten 1980s science fiction show is coming back!
The deepest part of the ocean is "teeming" with microbes
New DVDs: Does The Hobbit deserve a place on your DVD shelf with Lord…
You don't know all the secrets of Buffy the Vampire Slayer yet
Einstein's ex libris was characteristically badass
io9's March TV Madness: Vote for the 16 Greatest Scifi Shows of All…
Is China selectively breeding a new generation of genius babies?
The Most Mind-Expanding Lesbian Science Fiction Books
Check out Gizmodo's awesome show on BBC America! Tonight!
The Avengers are Earth's Morphinest Heroes in this Power Rangers mash-up
James Cameron explains Avatar 2 delays: "I'm living in Pandora right now"
There is no such thing as emptiness. There is only quantum foam.
Autistic children are 28 times more likely to be suicidal
10 Omnipotent Beings Who Are also Jerks
The Krebs Cycle, rapped to the tune of Macklemore's "Thrift Shop"
The angriest Wolverine action figure of all time
This Week's TV: One of our favorite animated scifi movies is becoming a …
Watch what happens when you light 60,000 matches simultaneously
Introducing the 2035 ZAIRE all-terrain concept car
This is what it looks like to fight against the ocean
We bet you can't stop staring at these mesmerizing, tiptoeing Batman…
Andrea and the Governor play a deadly game of…
Most gold deposits were produced by earthquakes
Matt Smith and Steven Moffat drop big hints about Doctor Who's…
Join Vikings actor George Blagden as he liveblogs tonight's episode…
Learn what's ahead for the Doctor and Clara with the BBC America…
Portraits of people with origami faces are beautiful and mind-boggling
Stay tuned for tonight's Vikings live blog
How does the rhino beetle's gigantic horn not totally mess with its…
Jupiter's hot spots reveal a tantalizing glimpse into the gas giant's…
Stephen Fry will play Alfred to Rupert Grint's Bruce Wayne
Truther mockumentary asks: Was the destruction of the Death Star an…
Crowdfund a documentary about Bikini Atoll's wrecks and tales of…
In this Oscar-nominated short, a grim grandma turns "Sleeping Beauty"…
A musher explains why Radagast the Brown's bunny sled isn't so ridiculous
We can only hope Frozen is half as lovely as these Snow Queen…
Watch the comet PANSTARRS fly alongside the setting moon
Eating too much corn turns you into a vampire (without the blood…
Everything you need to know about alcohol for your St. Patrick's Day…
The beasts of war are unleashed in the latest Game of Thrones trailer
Witches will be casting their sexy spells over New Orleans in American …
Latest Pacific Rim image reveals just how large a kaiju footprint is
Men in Black screenwriter joining Will Smith's Colossus: The Forbin…
On their day off, DC superheroines play Dungeons & Dragons
Does the new Pope believe in evolution?
Martians, Metal Men and Clara abound in the latest trailer for Doctor…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Potions that let you relive life's most…
Graphite Alien chestburster explodes from an unsuspecting pencil
Sculptures of dying people double as wondrous star projectors
Sheesh! Kermit the Frog finds himself trapped in Carbonite
Grimm reveals the many, many reasons psychotic werewolves shouldn’t…
What futurists in 1988 imagined Los Angeles would be like in 2013
What if Fred Savage's grandpa read him A Game of Thrones instead of The …
Saturday Webcomic: Plume is a rollicking tale of supernatural revenge…
Aperture R&D is like Better Off Ted set in the Portal universe
For the first time, scientists have grown the embryos of an extinct…
The End of Green Lantern: The Animated Series?
New Game of Thrones Season 3 trailer reveals the scandalous future for …
Graphic novel removed from Chicago Public Schools curriculum
What do sandpipers and chorus lines have in common?
Slave Leia and Uhura collide in the Star Trek/Star Wars crossover we…
This Tea Party science fiction movie trailer is better than both Atlas …
A scifi movie with completely accurate representations of comets and…
Vampire Diaries really needs a killing spree, or twelve
Real-life Picasso women are gorgeously grotesque
Walk inside a giant simulation of earthquake hot zones
Are you unhappy and a poet? You may be suffering from the Sylvia Plath …
A video that shows the one crucial flaw in being an anti-dead tree…
You can tell a lot about a country by the porn it searches for on the…
This goofy scene from A Knight's Tale recreates history far better than …
The "great debate" that conclusively proved that science is messy
Mickey wields his lightsaber in the first official Disney-Star Wars…
What happens when Game of Thrones runs out of books to adapt?
What if Star Wars was a 1980s John Hughes movie?
How Much Longer Until Humanity Becomes A Hive Mind?
Behold the majesty of the Amazing Spider-Beard
The 10 Greatest Personality Tests in Science Fiction and Fantasy
50,000 bubonic plague victims may still be buried beneath London's…
Why is it so hard to create a good science fiction movie romance?
New  Man of Steel images prove that Henry Cavill truly is the hairiest …
Mulder and Scully reveal the dire consequences of hate sperm in this…
Mars vs. The Comet
Watch the first footage from BBC America's  intense clone drama Orphan…
Physics gets biblical with the Lazarus Effect
No, Joss Whedon is not going to Kickstart a Firefly movie... for now
The science of male pattern baldness
First a baby, now 14 adults "functionally cured" of HIV
The Iron Man 3 Relationship You Never Saw Coming. Plus Why Man of…
Will you be having a pi party?
If you want to understand the ethical implications of Google Glass,…
Grotesque Portraits of Aristocrats from Another Dimension
The Girl Who Would Be King introduces the best superhero/villain pair…
Google Glass Ushers in the Next Wave of Cybernetic Hate Crimes
No, you will never have skyscrapers with trees on them
Safety Not Guaranteed's director has been chosen to save  Jurassic Park …
Footage shows UFO splashing down into an active volcano in Mexico
Awe-inspiring homes and buildings made out of old airplanes
Monday's 4.7 earthquake in L.A. was predicted by SCIENCE!
Dear God What Have We Done: Kickstarter could help fund a Chuck movie…
The U.S. is stockpiling smallpox drugs in case of a biological attack
Pessimistic Optimism: Goro Miyazaki on His Post-Nuclear Romance, From…
The crescograph and the scifi writing genius who invented it
A comet made of marshmallow bunnies and chicks destroys the Earth in…
Meet the three Blade Runner producers who hated Blade Runner
io9's March TV Madness: Vote Now for the Greatest Sci-Fi Shows Ever!
After the asteroid hits, we'll build a post-apocalyptic city inside the …
This crazy-dense planet could be of an entirely new type
First clips from Stephenie Meyer's movie The Host kind of feel like an…
7 Numbers That Are Just as Cool as Pi
90-year-old Stan Lee is a parkour master with his own theme song,…
New Feature! Approved Replies and Pending Submissions
The Avengers team up again to take on a tech-eating parasite and the…
The extinct were-beasts of the American midwest
Listen to Benedict Cumberbatch sing in Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere
How Watchmen helped kill the BioShock movie
Witness a mountain climber's terrifying 100-foot fall from his…
There's no debate necessary — here's the person who should make the next …
Is de-extinction possible? Find out right now.
Luminol makes pennies glow (but not for the reason you think)
Disturbingly beautiful and barely legal items made from whale baleen
Does the science of aging suggest we're 'programmed to die'?
Why is Doctor Who's Christopher Eccleston the perfect Thor 2 villain?…
Best Engineering Photography of 2012 Is Explosively Awesome
Getting your genome sequenced can improve your life -- just ask this…
Glitch furniture makes your bedroom look like it's malfunctioning…
Helena Bonham-Carter fires her tattooed cannon leg in the new trailer…
The CIA's secret experiments to turn cats into spies
Ramez Naam's nanotech mind-control novel Nexus gets a movie deal
This is what farms will look like in the future
Everybody wants to be in the Star Wars sequels except for Jason Statham
Bad Movie Hosts, How I Miss Thee
Watch This Disturbing Cyberpunk Movie About Turning Memories into Drugs
The ALMA telescope has just made its first major discovery
OMG Rutger Hauer's hair on the set of True Blood
Could this incredible engineering project save the polar ice caps?
Internet-connected sex toys let you "access" your long-distance partner
Ancient Penis-Headed Worm Pushes Fossil Record Back 200 Million Years
DiY Batarangs are the greatest homebrew weapon ever
How to make a stream of water zig-zag using sound waves
Rob Thomas just started a Kickstarter for a  Veronica Mars movie!
Growing up Monstrous with Park Chan-wook's Stoker
This microchip healed itself after being blasted by lasers
7 Things We Learned About the World Thanks to Photography
Kick-Ass 2  swears, shoots and bleeds all over its first red-band…
This video of all the nearby stars with planets will make you cry
Mondo Art Lets You Put The Wall of Westeros on Your Wall
The first bikini that can truly be called both Mighty and Morphin'
Having trouble focusing? Try chewing gum.
The terrifying secrets of the “Jedi Mindmeld” revealed!
How Neanderthals' eyes contributed to their demise
Watch Hoverboard an entire short film dedicated to the wonder of Back…
Now You Can Watch this Lost Space Movie from the Dawn of World War II…
Turning on a light makes tiny spheres self-assemble into flocks
The sweded Pacific Rim trailer is the last sweded trailer you'll ever…
Why does Star Trek Into Darkness need to be so secret? Plus the latest …
What is this strange structure in the Arizona desert?
Goodreads satisfies my need to obsessively organise my stuffs
Being Human figures out the cure for itchy vampire rashes and nasty…
Catching Fire character poster pays tribute to the Hunger Games's…
Instant floating cities for flooded neighborhoods
Should we put criminals under surveillance instead of in prison?
The greatest homes made from shipping containers around the world
Comics This Week: Currently, the best superhero in comics has no powers
Swarms of robotic bees could pollinate the flowers of the future
Kaiju vibrator is possibly the greatest thing we've ever seen
Mood Indigo trailer is proof that life would be better if we all lived …
On Lost Girl, it's the Dawning of the Valkcubus
Curiosity Confirms That Mars Was Once Capable of Harboring Life
Disney wants to ruin Beauty and the Beast just like Alice  and Oz
Jonas Venture battles the Scientology robot in a glorious new Venture…
J.J. Abrams's robot cop show Human has found its human cop, and it's…
io9's March TV Madness: Pick the greatest science fiction TV show ever…
Our spoiler-free review of Syfy's new Western, Defiance
Tesla gets his revenge on Thomas Edison through the "power" of rap
Mt. Sakurajima Unleashes Its Fury with Lava and Lightning
The insane plan to rescue Napoleon from St. Helena by submarine
Cloning the food supply has disastrous consequences in this freaky…
The 15 Most Powerful People in Sailor Suits
Ask Karen Lord anything you want about The Best of All Possible Worlds
Random House no longer trying to convince newbie authors to give away…
Altered Hubble images transform nebulae into bizarre cosmic monsters
The Greening of the Arctic
Doctor Who's most wanted lost episode finally comes back to life
Star Trek 3 could be out for the big 50th anniversary
Florida’s 'red tide' is killing manatees in record numbers
Check out crystals synthesized by bird crap
The time a billionaire bought his son a starring role in a Superman…
Gwen Stacy and Mary-Jane Watson meet in new Amazing Spider-Man 2 set…
Earthrise in Luna City
Dive into Jupiter's moon Europa with this excerpt from Jeff Carlson's …
This is what hate sex looks like in Disney's Fairy Tale Kingdom
Wreck-It Ralph Vanellope and kart cosplay looks good enough to eat
These Soviet anti-alcohol posters offer a lurid view of communist…
Watch a day in the life of a terraformed Mars
The Salt Lake Tribune speculates about "vast thinking vegetable" on Mars
X-Files veteran plans show that sounds exactly like the X-Files
Which of these movies would you see based on the poster alone?
Interactive map shows all the spots on Earth that have been…
For just $50 million you can live in Bob Hope's giant UFO House
The Artist Who Helped Invent Space Travel
Here’s your chance to finally figure out who framed Roger Rabbit
Everything You Need to Know About SFWA's Clash With Random House
Could these meteorites hold the first evidence of extraterrestrial…
New Experiment Suggests Mammals Could Reproduce Entirely By Cloning
This is what Antarctica will look like without all that ice
Evangelion and One Piece return to Cartoon Network's Toonami
Goodbye, Captain Rex: Lucasfilm calls an end to Clone Wars
The Very Best Teen Heroes in Science Fiction and Fantasy
Trouble in Bon Temps? True Blood loses another showrunner
In 1959, a pair of newlyweds spent their honeymoon in a fallout shelter
Now we know who Peter Weller is playing in Star Trek Into Darkness
60 seconds of hot ninja-on-ninja action, courtesy of G.I. Joe:…
Sorry, astrologers -- this is what it really means when a planet is in …
Watch a radio-controlled plane's breathtaking journey into the…
Robots can now collaborate over their very own Internet
This Week's TV: A single oil rig causes all the volcanoes to erupt.…
Prom is Coming: What if Game of Thrones  was set in a High School
The Prison/Woodbury War Begins with a Major Dick-Measuring Contest in …
Modernized Evil Dead 2 and Army of Darkness are getting made whether…
When the probes finally arrive at the Gliese star system
First trailer for Short Peace, the new movie by Akira creator…
Russian scientists admit no new life form found in Antarctic lake
Check Out io9's New Design!
Benedict Cumberbatch's Star Trek villain is something new and…
Google has built an actual working Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
What if corporations sponsored superheroes?
Massive sandcastle Minas Tirith awaits the approaching onslaught of…
"The Trouble with Tribbles" retold to the tune of Taylor Swift's "I Knew…
Check out the astonishing artwork from Mondo's Game of Thrones gallery…
Octopus chandeliers add the right touch of tentacle to any decor
Crowdfund an energy-harnessing soccer ball and a series based on the…
Joss Whedon explains why he brought Agent Coulson back to life for …
Striking paintings combine Japanese watercolor with the structures of…
In this comedic short, the ultimate music fan travels back in time to…
Bees love caffeine just as much as we do
Christopher Nolan's Interstellar has a release date
Rare binary stars help astronomers measure our place in the universe
Watch the incredible evolution of Jurassic Park's spitting animatronic…
Too many fly bites can lead to death by bug-spit poisoning
Get ready for Season 3 with this 14-minute recap of Game of Thrones…
Ten Bizarre Tales of Taxidermy
Mighty mouse attacks venomous snake to free its fellow mouse
Bullet casings and shotgun shells are the perfect media for Deadpool's…
Zombie-scented perfumes make you smell less attractive to the undead
First Evil Dead reviews paint remake as a psychotic gorefest that will …
NASA's Guide to Viewing the Comet PANSTARRS this Month
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Shadows Inside an Abandoned Coal Mine
Flesh out your fictional characters by having Redditors interview them
Crocheted Bane face mask keeps you warm while you're terrorizing Gotham
The Fantastic Four become the Beatles when superheroes invade classic…
What a trombonist's lips look like from inside the trombone
Kirk gets a dose of fatherly love in the latest action-packed Star…
An astoundingly accurate 90s style Walking Dead introduction
Saturday Webcomic: Fox and Willow is the haunting fairy tale of a…
Beautiful black-and-white illustrations put a gothic spin on Game of…
Grimm returns with a vengeance (and some hate sex)
Wacky Wreck-It Ralph mockumentary tracks the fall and rise of the …
A Very Special Episode of Archer Tackles Human Trafficking
Burlesque superstar Dita Von Teese goes Metropolis in this 3D-printed…
The Earth's most powerful telescope goes online next week
The robots of Europe are more debonair than you
To create sustainable energy, we must take control of evolution
Here's Why You Should Start Watching Vikings Right Now
Japanese trailer for Monsters University spoils almost all of the movie
6 Things From the Walking Dead Comic That We Need to See on TV
Wow — this gorgeous timelapse was made with a crummy point and shoot
Russian scientists say they've found 'unclassified life' in Antarctic Lake
Yes, the 'Vanilla' Boson May Be Real
Celebrate the destruction of New York City with this crazy giant…
The far-sighted entrepreneur who brought ice to India in 1833
Nanoparticles Made From Bee Venom Can Kill HIV
Jem’s adventure with the Yeti and the magic bongos was truly outrageous
Mondo's first two Game of Thrones posters are brilliant
The shortest remake of The Matrix is also the cutest
How does the Anthropic Principle change the meaning of the universe?
First look at Disney's new Avengers Assemble cartoon
Oz the Great and Powerful Should Have Been a B-Movie
This Aliens-inspired "advertisement" is so awesome it hurts
A star that looks older than the universe itself
The Loneliest Unicorn is the saddest, most beautiful thing we've seen…
Your Favorite Fantasy Characters Are Now Fighting To the Death
In the Flesh shows the downsides of being a "cured" zombie
Report: Global temps are the highest they've been in 4,000 years
Check out this picture of a building just before a nuclear bomb hits
Syfy orders up a full series of Ron D. Moore's disease thriller Helix
Extracting your DNA with kitchen supplies
A map of state-by-state meth incidents in 2012 — what can we take away?
Watch as retired lab chimps see the sky for the very first time
Did George Lucas play a bigger role in developing the new Star Wars…
Russell Crowe snaps pictures of a UFO in Australia
Watch Will Smith fight neo-dinosaurs in the new trailer for After…
From Beautiful Creatures to alien love — check out the book trailer…
How We'll Live in a Future Where Cities Have Become Forests
Spider-Man is a gross skank in the most amazing Bad Lip Reading yet
The robots are the least insane thing about this production of MacBeth
Read an exclusive excerpt from Joe Hill's scary new novel NOS4A2
Words to live by: Chris Hadfield's advice to aspiring astronauts
This satellite can detect earthquakes from space
Does our solar system have a special connection to the structure of…
Kim Stanley Robinson's new novel takes us back to the Ice Age
Check out the freaky alternate Earth of The Croods in these new clips
Netflix unleashes the first trailer for its werewolf murder mystery…
A Brain Implant That Treats Severe Eating Disorders
Mars' underground flood channels are much deeper than we thought
George Lucas says Luke, Han and Leia will all be back for Star Wars:…
20 Lies Back to the Future II Told Us (Besides the Hoverboard)
This just in: life on Mars is going to be awesome
Check out these unpublished color photos of World War II American…
Monster House director will remake Poltergeist
Scientists Enhance Intelligence of Mice with Human Brain Cells
Eric the Pliosaur, one of the most interesting fossils on the planet
Actual list of Disney Princess ages will make you feel like a monster
Glowing pennies prove that the '80s were the last great decade
Another major band to record another Game of Thrones song
African bat bugs are acting out a Blur song
Can animals see optical illusions? Kitty says YES.
New Evidence Points to the Flores 'Hobbit' as a Dwarf Species
Why won't Tony Stark call the Avengers in Iron Man 3? Plus the latest…
Here's what it looks like when meteors hit the rings of Saturn
Felicity joins the Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, but as a human or a …
How Camels Evolved Their Humps — In Northern Canada
Watch the first minute of the re-energized Revolution
Strange Buildings of the Eastern Bloc from the Last Decades of…
Vintage anatomical illustrations, as animated GIFs
Grimm creators drop hints about their monster cliffhanger finale
Wall-E makes an excellent Tom Cruise in this spectacular Wall-E…
Has the Milky Way devoured other galaxies?
The left brain is rational, and other lies you've been told about…
Archaeologists uncover Europe's oldest preserved human dissection
A beautiful music video whose handmade effects will fill you with awe
This amazing video reveals the physics of skipping rocks
The first Epic trailer is suitably... well, you know
Geneticists may have just solved a 320-year-old evolutionary mystery
A graphic novel that takes place inside the brain
The 10 Greatest (Fictional) Female Scientists We Want to Be When We…
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Co-Creator doesn't want Megan Fox to play…
Literary darling Sam Lipsyte says he became a writer because of…
The Hunger Games' cast put on their Sunday best for these cool portraits
Watch a water droplet grow a tiny ice forest
Please do not punch the actor who plays Joffrey on Game of Thrones in…
Rapturepalooza shows what's really going to happen when the devil takes …
Imagine Carl Sagan, Stephen Hawking and Arthur C. Clarke together in…
Compare your commute time to the rest of America’s with this…
Get a tad more Tony Stark in the Iron Man 3 international trailer
Joss Whedon shoots down a rumor that was too good to be true. Plus…
Carrie Fisher says she's returning to Star Wars
The Movie That Inspired 2001
This interactive painting can explain why we are still obsessed with…
Meteorite discovered in Antarctica — what could go wrong?
In the The Archived, the afterlife is like nothing you've ever seen…
What would a Game of Thrones porn parody even look like?
When Being Human is on, it's the best thing ever
The Tragic Story of the Semipalatinsk Nuclear Test Site
Texas bill could restrict drones — which may not be a good thing
Ultron kills the Marvel universe in This Week’s Comics
The incredible story of how scientists finally found a giant squid
Take a look at BBC's insane zombie rehab series In The Flesh
Why "Survival of the Fittest" Is Wrong
Bruce Willis shoots all the things in the first G.I. Joe: Retaliation…
Has Peter Dinklage's Knights of Badassdom been butchered?
China's 'farmscrapers' are highrises that will generate their own food
DC artist quits Adventures of Superman over Orson Scott Card…
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about Karen Lord's The Best…
The 10 Least Competent Time Travelers
When NASA blew gigantic holes in Arizona for the Apollo Mission
Tony Stark has some new armored friends in the unbelievably awesome …
Clever minimalist posters pay tribute to scientists and their…
SimCity Fanfic: The College Years
The dangerous world of sleep-eating disorders
On Lost Girl, Bo has mommy issues
Hubble telescope has just spotted a Space Invader
This wireless brain implant could make telekinesis a reality
Resident Evil 6 gets a release date, this is why we can't have nice…
Is this hovering computer mouse real or fake?
This old lady is not afraid of the Evil Dead remake
This is what happens when you run 15,000 volts through wood
Guardians of the Galaxy will barely feature Earth at all. Plus an…
The man who created internet memes — before the internet
Walking Dead creator lands TV show all about exorcism
The groovy socialist world of 1970s Soviet futurism
Here is a gorgeous view of Venus . . . from Saturn
Anders Celsius, inventor of the temperature scale, was also a science…
How to tie a fluid into a knot
The io9 Calendar: Your Guide to Everything That's Astounding in March!
DVDs This Week: Another chance to experience the awesomeness of …
This is how we envisioned spacesuits back in the 1950s
Doctors have cured a baby with HIV — here's what comes next
Will Christian Bale return as the Justice League's Batman?
Tehran suffering plague of hyper-evolved "mutant rats"
TV This Week: Grimm returns with one mad as hell fairy tale
Hawkeye Initiative cosplay lets the guys show off their rears for a…
A Supermassive Ice Age May Have Led to Complex Life on Earth
The noble Eötvös effect lets you outrun gravity
The 12 Worst Things in the Star Wars Expanded Universe
Watch this lizard shoot a five-foot stream of blood from its freaking…
Apparently Batman is the hero East Yorkshire, UK, needs right now
This is a taser sword. That is all you need to know.
Are floating airships the future of aviation?
Why the Holocaust was even worse than we thought
Rick finally meets someone crazier than he is in the best Walking Dead …
Incredible algorithm reveals invisible motion in everyday video
This d20 engagement ring is a critical hit
Are popular scientists becoming modern day preachers?
How soon will we learn Doctor Who's greatest secret? Plus the Latest …
Did adorable little bunnies kill the Neanderthals?
On the Clone Wars season finale, Ahsoka breaks Anakin's heart and may…
HIV has been cured in a child for the first time
Dead Writers Perfume smells exactly how it should
Tuberculosis and leprosy thrive by pretending to be viruses
Unicorn hoof boots to sexually excite the fantasy horse fetishist in…
Read Timothy Leary's brain-melting comic about space migration and the…
Leaked plot to Brad Bird's Tomorrowland sounds like Disney's Brave New…
Crowdfund a short Philip K. Dick film, transhumanist comics, and an…
Listen to 15 seconds of a brand new Daft Punk track—but when will we…
Entomologist creates one-of-kind paintings using live bugs as his…
Limited edition of Fahrenheit 451 was bound in asbestos so it wouldn't…
SNL's Walking Dead sketch lampoons the racial politics of the zombie…
How science used a kiss on the hand to identify a thief
Extended Game of Thrones trailer dives into the bear pit
Retro Propaganda Posters from the Robot Uprising
What if the Mad Men created a fantasy TV series for women?
Robosapien trailer is everything that is wrong with our world
Transforming Dresses are the most scifi thing we've ever seen on the…
Manned Mars mission plans include a radiation shield made of poop
The Last Exorcism Part II is a gruesome demon-meets-girl love story
Hilarious webcomic story imagines the lunar colonies turned into the…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Machine of Death Edition
That time Star Trek: Voyager killed off the cast of The West Wing
50 years of Avengers members on one minimalist poster
ABC kills Zero Hour after 3 episodes
Woman's death from a 30-year-old bullet wound ruled a homicide
Satirical short film turns smartphone addiction into body horror
Saturday Webcomic: Ant Comic explores the trippy horrors of an insect…
Sam Raimi is planning to make Evil Dead 4
The White House shows us how to recover from a geek gaffe
The fate of Ahsoka is revealed on the season finale of Clone Wars
Is this the city of the future?
At last, real-life physics can justify all those fake movie explosions
Are gorillas left-handed or right-handed?
Tim Curry to take over for Chancellor Palpatine in Clone Wars
And the award for most obscene title of a peer-reviewed scientific…
Gary Busey sings a very different ballad of Bilbo Baggins
The History of How We Discovered All the Planets in the Solar System
The software program who publishes papers in mathematics journals
Upside Down shows how gravity-challenged lovers kiss
Watch this jaw-dropping video of a pulsar's beating heart
Our First Image Of A Planet Being Born
Are Women Having Too Many C-Sections in the United States?
Leigh Bardugo reveals the cover to Siege & Storm, but refuses to tell…
One of the best places to search for alien life is the last that you'd…
Here's the first pics of Doctor Who's new-and-improved Ice Warriors
12 Aliens That Were Supposed to Be Cute But Are Actually Terrifying
The "ultimate" building blocks of life have been found in interstellar…
These ominous cloud formations could be of a completely new type
Jack the Giant Slayer gives good vine, but not much else
Perfect Pairing: Joe Wright will Direct Neil Gaiman's The Ocean at the…
See the brutal deleted scene that was way too violent for the 1986 …
The Oscar-winning scientist who first came up with "bullet-time"
A spiral through frozen helium
Zero Hour reveals the secret holy apocalypse clock in Einstein’s brain
Gary Oldman will kill all the damn dirty apes in Dawn of the Planet of …
Watch SpaceX launch its second cargo mission to the ISS, live on io9!
BigDog can now throw shit like it's nobody's business
Johnny Depp is officially starring in Wally Pfister's mysterious …
Messing with the gods is no big deal on Supernatural
New Oblivion trailer shows Tom Cruise playing house in the ashes of…
In The Mad Scientist's Daughter, women's equality doesn't make it into…
The most bizarre experimental tanks ever to roll through a battlefield
Why Frank Kelly Freas was possibly the greatest science fiction artist …
We have finally taught robots to do something useful: play AC/DC covers
The final Oz the Great and Powerful trailer is pretty great,…
Should we preserve the eggs of endangered species?
Tilda Swinton dons Airbender cosplay
NASA: "We've discovered a previously unknown surprise circling Earth"
This virus can steal its host's immune system
How we know that this is a piece of fossilized lightning
114-year-old woman named world's oldest, Reuters jinxes everything
10 Greatest Handguns in All of Science Fiction and Fantasy
School House Rock uses Star Wars to teach us about "Interjections!"
We will be spared the nightmare of Michael Bay's TMNT until at least…
Watch a swarm of aquatic robots assemble into an emergency water-bridge
The first G.I. Joe/Cobra intramural football game was stupider than…
J.J. Abrams's robot cop show has found its robot cop
Malcolm McDowell straps on a steampunk eyepatch for Cowboys & Engines
Which scientists would make great superhero sidekicks?
Brain-to-brain interfaces have arrived, and they are absolutely…
Spock Socks are both logical and fantabulous
Virginia Woolf's secret career as a science fiction writer who inspired …
What bone-twisting horrors happened to Nell after The Last Exorcism?
A Battery That Allows Electronics and Implants To Stretch Along With It
The Ultimate Team-Up: DBZ's Goku and KFC's Col. Sanders
Can we measure the size of the Universe?
Arrow waltzes John Barrowman through a zombie apocalypse
This experimental dance film is most hypnotizing thing you'll watch…
Bizarre eyeball transplant allows tadpoles to see out of their tails
Joss Whedon reveals the eternal challenge of making a good Hulk movie!
On Cult, it's super scary when actors clash with network execs
The most amazing movie sets ever created (other than Lord of the Rings)
Everything We Know About Dennis Tito's 2018 Human Mission to Mars
Ancient fossil reveals that Cthulhu really did live on Earth 500…
New theory suggests Lenin died from a rare genetic brain disorder
Everything you need to know about spotting (and not frakking) a Cylon
The First Pictures of Life in the Deepest Ocean Vents Ever Discovered
Tacodile Supreme is the king of the food beasts in the Cloudy with a…
Fake Hugo Award Categories lists all the hilarious scifi awards we…
The Walking Dead Episode 3.12 Promo Photos
Touch Episode 2.07 Promo Photos
Oblivion Posters
Deadshot Concept Art
Morning Spoiler Misc.
What's the difference between a comet, asteroid, meteor, meteoroid and…
Chris Cooper will be Norman Osborn in the increasingly crowded Amazing …
Why it's so expensive to license the rights to a fictional character
DC's Geoff Johns reveals if Arrow will ever fire the boxing glove arrow
Will The Conjuring be as scary as Insidious? Watch this creepy trailer.
You won't believe how fast this supermassive black hole is spinning
Watch Neil deGrasse Tyson and Michio Kaku explain E=MC2 to music
11 Emerging Scientific Fields That Everyone Should Know About
These hyperrealistic sculptures of giants must be seen to be believed
Get to know the friendly side of tongue-eating parasites
NASA has found a free particle accelerator floating in space
Check out the godawful Thing and Dr. Doom we narrowly avoided in the …
This video reveals how entropy sometimes creates order out of chaos
Can we make C.H.U.Ds the next sexy monster fad?
This horrifying Palaeozoic fish had a buzz saw for a face
Read the US government's rules for Yeti hunting from 1959
How One Man Recreated the First Spaceship that Ever Appeared on Film
Physicist Builds Machine to Remove Cream from Oreos, Changes EVERYTHING
This Wonder Woman movie trailer is too good to be true (literally)
Iron Man 3 will present a villain unlike any seen before. Plus more …
The final episode of Black Mirror gives you Big Brother for the social …
Watch George Dvorsky and Nick Bostrom talking live about risks to the…
In new fantasy novel Vessel, the hunt is on for a missing goddess
Jessica Lange will face off against Kathy Bates on American Horror…
Batman faces a real death in the family in This Week’s Comics
The weirdest stories about objects that came shooting out of the sky
No, Jose Canseco, 'ancient gravity' did not create the dinosaurs
This optical illusion will smash every last one of your heebie-jeebie…
Is artificial intelligence more of a threat to humanity than an…
How the Oscars proved Hollywood is killing the VFX industry
Have Tony Stark's many Iron Man 3 suits just been revealed?
Lost Girl Episode 3.07 Promo Photos
Morning Spoilers Misc.
Spider-Man Behind the Scenes Photos
Set Photos of Shailene Woodley as Mary Jane
Meet the scientific accident that could change the world
This LEGO Hogwarts includes everything from Snape's classroom to the…
This is what Darth Vader sees when he's kicking a Jedi's butt
We now know the origin of Russia's meteor
Amazing Spider-Man 2 set photos show off our new Mary Jane
"Vulcan" has won Pluto's moon-naming poll!
7 Superheroes Who Should Get Their Own Arrow-style TV Shows
How much would you pay for a Nobel Prize medal?
New virtual reality CAVE brings us one step closer to Star Trek's…
These instant emergency homes will be your new apartments when the…
What is "space roar"?
This Cylon engagement ring is frakking amazing
Transplanted Brain Cells Can Outlast The Body's Biological Clock
Building the Library of Violence for The Mongoliad
Are there UFOs in hidden hangars at Papoose Dry Lake?
Massive ice boulders form along Michigan shoreline — but how?
The BBC's new series In the Flesh highlights the troubles of being an…
Could a comet hit Mars in 2014?
Just how long will Robert Downey, Jr. play Iron Man? Plus Hints About…
The Real-Life Argo... and Other Fake Science Fiction Movies
Will we soon be able to predict the future of civilization?
Scientists discover that eating Mediterranean food can prevent heart…
The Most Futuristic Electrified Devices of the 1920s and 30s
The conjoined twins who were more famous than movie stars in the 1920s
Bubbles popping at 18,000 fps is every bit as mesmerizing as it sounds
The mysterious propellers in Saturn's rings
Tim Burton is ready for the Zombie Unicorn Apocalypse, even if reality …
How to film an epic New York battle scene without actually being in…
LEGO Star Trek: The Next Generation turns Wesley into the court jester
The star of The Crow remake may have been found, and it's... Professor X
These Evil Dead reboot photos are disturbingly gorgeous
Earthquakes could kill upwards of 3.5 million people this century
Long lost continent discovered beneath the Indian Ocean
I have a light-up TARDIS fez now, light-up TARDIS fezzes are cool
This Week’s TV: Will the Clone Wars season finale end Ahsoka's story…
How to Measure the Power of Alien Civilizations Using the Kardashev…
The Neighbors Episode 1.20 Promo Photos
Iron Man 3 Photos
Evil Dead Promo Photos
Most U.S. tuna isn't really tuna, and confusion can lead to oily anal…
The Amazing Spider-Man's costume just got an upgrade
10 Greatest Science Fiction Board Games of All Time
Robot, meet your maker: animatronics expert Mark Setrakian on building …
This is probably the most disgusting thing you'll watch this week, but…
In Reality, Nebulae Offer No Place for Spaceships to Hide
Andrea gets a less-than-happy reunion with Rick in The Walking Dead
The camera that captured the first millisecond of a nuclear bomb blast
Try as she might, 2-year-old Kayla just can't reach the moon
DC would like you to know Robin is gonna die this week in Batman, Inc.
Movie: The Movie 2V recreates The Avengers starring armless Bryan…
That time the Russians designed a hovercraft so insane we had no clue…
Bryan Singer's latest X-Men clues including Peter Dinklage, time travel …
Kirk travels back in time to save the Oscars—and just won't leave
Lanternshark is part shark, part lightsaber, all awesome
Fruit flies bathe their young in alcohol to keep them healthy
On Clone Wars, fugitive Ahsoka gets a little help from the Dark Side
Morning Spoilers Misc
Grimm Episode 2.13 Promo Photos
Lovely medical illustration of the human skull painted directly on a…
Images of a massive, futuristic Megacity glittering in the night
Crowdfund a Batman documentary, 3D printing pens, and a WWII setting…
Physicist proposes to his physicist girlfriend in the form of an…
Abandoned Nazi and Soviet military complex seen in Inglourious…
Classic Sci-Fi Films Represented as Multicolored Barcodes
Hulk tosses Loki around as the LEGO Avengers do the Harlem Shake
The first cola wars began in the 1700s—long before Coke and Pepsi
Breaking Dawn: Part 2 was the big "winner" at last night's Razzie Awards
Batman Returns concept art reveals unused penguins armed with buzzsaws …
Will we ever chow down on kibble made for humans?
R.I.P. Ray Cusick, the designer who helped make the Daleks terrifying
Donkey Kong heads to Westeros, Hoth, and the Land of Ooo
Usagi Yojimbo slashes his way through his own samurai side-scrolling…
Artist transforms photos of rusty fire hydrants into pictures of alien …
Tattoo shop comes up with a legitimately clever use for QR codes
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Cat's Eye View of a Spaceship
Photo portraits of retired ventriloquist dummies are filled with…
These Powerpuff Girls prints are kaiju-punchingly fantastic
Curiosity's panoramic self-portrait lets you explore a tiny corner of…
Are you in danger of spontaneously combusting? The risk factors…
This Chilean observatory hotel is designed specifically for stargazing
What if Batman's parents died in different ways?
Saturday Webcomic: Namesake is an incredible return to Oz and so much…
Would you be willing to use a living animal as a respirator or…
Real-life Spidey Sense suit tingles when objects get close
Hal Jordan has #orangelanternproblems on Green Lantern: The Animated…
Game of Thrones season 3 trailer unleashes the dragons
The sight of one machine clapping
These Buildings Look Like Giant Tetris Games
Megan Fox is your new April O'Neil
Person of Interest delivers one of the best hours of TV you'll ever see
Oh hell yes: White House announces new US open access policy for…
Baby Sloths: Adorable AND Generous
A shot-for-shot remake of The Big Lebowski with Doctor Who
NASA unveils image of Mercury unlike any you've ever seen
If Dark Skies is correct, aliens are complete a-holes
When a mountain casts its shadow upon the sky
Will we ever solve the mystery of diffuse interstellar bands?
Was Chelyabinsk meteor actually a meteor? Many Russians remain…
Community shows us the horrors of an American Inspector Spacetime
U.S. To Drop Toxic Mice On Guam's Invasive Snakes
Here's how Obama's brain mapping project will actually work
First look at Katniss and Peeta on their Hunger Games victory tour
Exciting footage of the Mexican volcano UFOs
Flowers Communicate with Electricity
The 8 Incredibly Gross Powers Superman Doesn’t Even Realize He Has
This Taiwanese animated trailer may be the closest we ever get to a …
Darth Vader even ponders like a badass in this unbelievable new statue
Why Julius Robert von Mayer was one of the unluckiest men in science
The mysterious spikes on a nuclear explosion
If Zero Hour is trying to be the most ludicrous show ever made, it has …
A mash-up of real-life bad guys with comic supervillains
Neill Blomkamp offers an Elysium update. Plus what will Bronn get up…
io9 Book Club Reminder: Meeting 3/5 to discuss Karen Lord's The Best of …
The Chupacabra is back . . . in Oklahoma
These are China's weirdest monuments
Finally, a cute C-3PO inspired dress!
Read the first five chapters of a dark new Soviet alternate history…
Mississippi Officially Bans Slavery at Last
Oh my god this trailer for Wesley Snipes Zombie Western Gallowwalkers…
Lost Jack Kirby storyboards show the insane world that could have been …
Is it wrong of me to love this episode of Supernatural?
In Oklahoma, faith-based explanations can get you an "A" in science class
Sherlock: The Animated Series needs to exist immediately, and here's why
Amputee To Get An Artificial Hand That Can Experience the Feeling of…
Giant goldfish are breeding in Lake Tahoe
"Head Like an Orange" is Like IWDRM for nature GIFs, and it is amazing
When cats are outlawed, what animals should replace them as pets?
The 13 Greatest Fictional Make-Out Spots for Getting Lucky (and…
The pulp scifi book that inspired Prince's Purple Rain
Can Batwoman's Gay Marriage Rescue DC Comics from Angry Fans?
How Dennis Tito could send humans to Mars and back by 2020
Buy the Little Pony-Doctor Who mash-up Dr. Hooves before time gallops…
This episode is the shame of Battlestar Galactica
Watch Europe's tallest volcano spew to life in a violent new eruption
The Strange, Secret Evolution of Babylon 5
Watch the unbelievable first 6 minutes of Evangelion 3.0, starring…
Universal preps teen Pitch Black movie based off the YA novel Arclight
Researchers use a 3D printer to help grow an ear
The Secret Drone Mission that Killed Joseph Kennedy Jr.
Man harasses a baby manatee, puts pics on Facebook, gets arrested
Everything's coming up Speedy on Arrow
Watch this stunning solar eruption create loops of fiery rain on the…
Why aren't these streams of liquid merging?
Mark Hamill sets the record straight about Star Wars: Episode VII!
What the Reptoids do for fun after they've eaten everyone at Disneyland
Possibly the strangest men's rights movement in history
Classic European scifi movies you probably haven't seen - but you should
Our first glimpse ever of a baby giant armadillo
Listen to the entire score from Shane Carruth's Upstream Color
This is the world's largest known prime number
The best part of new series Cult is wondering WTF its creators were…
When Gollum sings Les Miserablés the emphasis is on the miserable
Unused storyboards show how Alien could have been more "pornographic"
Being Human (US) Episode 3.07 Promo Photos
Person of Interest Episode 2.16 Promo Photos
Once Upon a Time Episode 2.15 Promo Photos
Once Upon a Time Season 2 Cast Photos
Monster University Poster and IDs
The Walking Dead More Episode 3.11 Promo Photos
Jack the Giantslayer Posters
Arrow Behind the Scenes Photos
The science of porn addiction
Once Upon a Time Behind the Scenes Photos Episode 2.15
NASA releases first video of Asteroid DA14's close encounter with Earth
An 'alternative universe' will eventually destroy ours, says Higgs…
The Rossiter-MacLaughlin Effect Can Actually Change the Color of Stars
The CG Beasts of Burden movie has finally sniffed out a director
Scottish independence movement leader inspired by Ghosts of Mars
California highway dig unveils four new whale species
And now, the nominees for the Nebula Awards
15 Uncanny Examples of the Golden Ratio in Nature
Guillermo del Toro's Mama could be a franchise
This guy's got some planets he wants to sell you
New still from Ender's Game reveals what fuels that baby genius army
A Gallery of Great (and Not TV-Inspired) Game of Thrones Art
Temporary tattoos could make electronic telepathy and telekinesis…
Four brutal Game of Thrones deleted scenes show no mercy
Was This the First Rocketship?
Don't be fooled: dolphins are actually huge assholes
Watch the first episode of Robot Combat League in all its rock 'em,…
J.J. Abrams confirms Star Trek's iconic alien enemies are back. Plus …
Being Human shows you how vampire Aidan was born
Odd Snapshots of Everyday Life in North Korea
First look at the Battle School logos from Ender's Game
Ex-Lab Chimps Show Remarkable Improvement After Treatment With…
How one man's lies almost destroyed the comics industry
Kittens Vs. Tiny Sock Stealing Ninjas!
The very best responses to Safe Haven's batsh*t ending
Touch Episode 2.06 Promo Photos
It turns out being a Redshirt is less perilous than you think
NASA LOSES CONTACT WITH SPACE STATION AND oh wait everything's totally…
Watch The Simpsons' Oscar-Nominated, Hans Zimmer scored short film
11 works of sexology that will blow your mind (with science)
If you can make it through this video without yawning, you're probably…
Winston Churchill's plan to fight Nazis with massive aircraft carriers…
A clothing store mannequin that imitates your movements
China Miéville's recommendations for socialist science fiction fans
Nanocapsules could take you from sloshed to sober in a matter of…
Weird, Al Yankovic is currently announcing the 2013 Bonnaroo lineup…
Season 2 trailer for Mortal Kombat Legacy wants you to "GET OVER HERE"
Incredible details are emerging about Russia's Chelyabinsk meteor
Could this be the official ending to John Carpenter's The Thing?
The science of yeti footprints
Scenes from the 1950s Space Movie That No One Saw
Have Trekkies taken over the voting on the naming of Pluto's new moons?
Joss Whedon explains why S.H.I.E.L.D. will be unlike any other TV…
What are these mysterious structures in the southern Kalahari?
The best part of Once Upon A Time returns to (hopefully) save this show
Incredible Castles That Were Built By Only One Person
Who Should Be In Charge of Defending Earth Against Asteroids?
How to Collect Micrometeorites in Your Backyard
Sorry, Neil deGrasse Tyson, but you're wrong about Thor's hammer
Portlandia takes on Steampunk
The Worst Scifi Snubs in Oscar History
Watch this airplane photobomb the Sun
Is it possible that the Borg are the perfect enemy?
G.I. Joe: Retaliation trailer: Oh snap! The President's the bad guy!
Obama to take first step toward building Skynet
A software program that could reconstruct the earliest human languages
The Forgotten Gadget That Powered The Industrial Revolution
The Walking Dead Episode 3.11 Promo Photos
Once Upon a Time BTS Episode 2.15
Death Star PR prefers you call their ship a “Justice Moon”
This Week's TV: Community heads to an Inspector Spacetime Convention
The 25 Coolest Catch Phrases for Scientific Concepts
Fragments of Russia's meteor could be worth 40x their weight in gold
An exclusive preview of Grant Morison's penultimate issue of Action…
Behold the most uncomfortable chair in the world
The Governor's evil insanity beats Rick's plain insanity on The Walking…
Drivers high on weed test their driving skills
First clip from Oz the Great and Powerful shows the wicked temper of…
A totally rad satire of computer hacker movies — in space!
An anime fan describes his ultimate hentai fantasy
Jupiter's Moon Europa May Be the Best Place to Search for Life
All the Latest on Star Trek Into Darkness, Pacific Rim, Man of Steel,…
These delightful illustrations make a Jurassic Park children's book…
Take a tour through Mexico's island of creepy, mutilated dolls
What creates this black patch in a star-filled sky?
Preserved bacteria reveal how we've been rotting our teeth for 7,500…
Astronaut Chris Hadfield is answering questions on reddit right now!
On Clone Wars, Ahsoka reenacts The Fugitive with Anakin as the…
First Look at Josh Brolin in Sin City: A Dame to Kill For
Crowdfund games based on chemistry and Machine of Death, and bid on…
These serene Chinese landscapes are actually photographs of landfills
Hiding Spider-Man on wedding cakes is apparently becoming a trend
Worf hoodie lets you pull Klingon ridges over your forehead
An incredibly thorough analysis of how frequently words and characters …
Watch the Daleks prepare to recreate their 1964 invasion of Earth
Deadpool and Harley Quinn both lose their minds in their own version…
How do you get someone to lose interest in their hobby? Pay them to do …
A short and stylish Simpsons webcomic set in a post-apocalyptic…
6 Historical Forensic Detectives Who Deserve Their Own TV Shows
Microscopic cross-section photo of layers of paint is more spectacular …
Take a closer look at the video game caricatures hanging on Wreck-It…
The Avengers take over the Powerpuff Girls' opening sequence and…
Blood is the new black at this deranged horror-themed fashion show
Scenes of Skywalker family life, if Anakin hadn't gone over to the Dark …
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Girl with the Skeleton Body
First clip from The Croods shows off a sex-crazed prehistoric bird…
Plague of bunnies is damaging cars at the Denver International Airport
Are chronic allergy sufferers in danger of being arrested for making…
Watch the fireball that streaked across the San Francisco skies last…
Glowing castles made from icicles look like something out of a wintery …
This South African frog sounds just like a squeaky toy
Saturday Webcomic: At Astronaut Academy, love means literally losing…
Voltron, Kermit, and Donatello sit for their portraits like true…
Stan Lee makes Batman, Inception, and Star Wars better by adding more…
The beginning of the end for Clone Wars' Ahsoka?
The guy who discovered the truth about tree rings
A Book That Could Help You Survive Almost Any Disaster
This red fox will make you feel the true power of cuteness
The most gorgeous Bauhaus designs in the world are in Hungary
Could a Supervillain Actually Create a Volcano?
Sing the Monster University's  fight club song with Helen Mirren
Why Didn't We See the Russian Asteroid Coming?
Escape from Planet Earth's mediocrity is absolute and unrelenting
This Princess Bride wedding will make you believe in True Wuv again
The mystery of the disappearing iridium
Ecologist E. O. Wilson explains why you likely have an acute case of…
Khal Drogo cast as Drax the Destroyer in Guardians Of The Galaxy
Why are black holes so bright?
You probably don't know how many holes are in your body right now
Is your immune system affecting how you think?
Daenerys Targaryen explains why she probably doesn't want the Iron…
18 Bad Guys Who Were Way Too Easy to Defeat
Watch Asteroid 2012 DA14's close encounter with Earth — live on io9!
Pacific Rim concept art reveals what the townsfolk do with rotting…
The Harry Potter books are finally getting decent covers
Anti-creationist activist Zack Kopplin wins award for being…
New series Zero Hour is stupid, insane, and massively entertaining
How serious does an asteroid threat have to be before we take action?
Harrison Ford to play Han Solo again; why does this make us sad?
Weta's FX reel shows why working on The Hobbit made Ian McKellen cry
Why we'll probably never build a space elevator
Science makes rainbows dance to elevator music
What if the world ended while you were at brunch? Watch It's a Disaster
40+ minutes of 30+ years of hilarious Star Trek bloopers
How to stop an asteroid... in 1915
Traces of anxiety drug in rivers make fish braver and less social
What's next on The Walking Dead? Plus a Breaking Bad star joins CBS's …
Meteorite Explodes Over Russia, Hundreds Injured
It's the "Sam and Dean wear glasses" episode of Supernatural!
Ron Weasley could be an agoraphobic superhero on CBS next fall
Some of the World's Spookiest Ghost Towns
Conservationists rescue 150 dolphins from shallow waters, using a baby …
Defiance Cast Promo Photos
Supernatural Episode 8.16 Promo Photos
Arrow Episode 1.16 Promo Photos
Person of Interest Episode 2.15 Promo Photos
The battle of Hoth is being fought in this man's living room
Once Upon the Time Set Photos
Revolution Episode 1.11 Promo Photos
The Worst Lies That Mainstream Nutrition Has Told You
Orphan Black Episode 1.01 Promo Photos
Jack the Giant Slayer Gallery 3
Jack the Giant Slayer Gallery 2
Jack the Giant Slayer Gallery 1
Orphan Black Cast Photos
Watch how Blood & Chrome resurrected the Battlestar Galactica using…
How to Fall Out of Love With Somebody
The Host trailer shows just how these alien parasites infect your brain
How The Shapiro Time Delay Effect Proves Einstein's Theory of Relativity
Has Marvel's sexy thief Black Cat snuck into Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Everything You Need to Know About Earth's Close Shave With an Asteroid
We can't stop watching Kyle MachLachlan dance the Twin Peaks Harlem…
The 12 Most Horrifically Bad Dates in All of Science Fiction and…
The Canadian government has officially declared itself anti-zombie
Beautiful Creatures is what Twilight would be if it were awesome
NASA is testing the rocket engines that will take us back to the Moon…
AMC is making an arctic-explorers-vs.-monster show that is somehow not …
And now for a sense of scale: a map of the U.S. overlaid on the Moon
Watch as robots and androids portray themselves in this futuristic…
When Kirk and Spock grew gills and went all Waterworld
Pope's Resignation Brings Doomsday Prophecy
Arrow puts Bros before Moms
Researchers publish Bigfoot genome in brand-new journal they…
Cthulhu rises for Valentine's Day
Who exactly is Peter Dinklage playing in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
One of those rare short films with a pretty cool twist ending
A creepy near-future book about government experiments on teenagers
The prettiest harp cover of The Walking Dead theme you'll hear all day
Cuddlebots can recognize you by touch alone
Here Are Some of the Weirdest-Looking Creatures From Doctor Who
How to use the "serial position effect" for fun and profit
A bizarre 1980s commercial about cryogenics
Aliens poster created entirely out of screenshots from Aliens
Watch a blacksmith make one of Game of Thrones' incredibly functional…
Owl survives collision with SUV, takes up residence inside grille
The Beautiful Creatures authors give us the rules for creating a…
Why finding love is like finding alien intelligence
Lost Girl Valentine Posters
Lost Girl Episode 3.06 Promo Photos
Iron Man 3 Posters
Is Hollywood About to Dumb Down the Dystopian British Series Black…
Computers are better at diagnosing and treating patients than doctors
The 7 Greatest Bromances in Space
The Batman movie reboot isn't waiting for Justice League anymore
Alfred Hitchcock is haunting the River Charles
Why Is Pop Culture So Obsessed with the 1920s?
This sea slug has a detachable penis
I’m Elyn Saks and this is what it’s like to live with schizophrenia
This aerial view of Boston two days after Nemo is absolutely…
If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you jump too?
Holy crap this live-action Wreck-It Ralph short is stunning
First clip from Monsters University shows the moment Sully and Mike met
What should our post-apocalyptic currency be?
Radiologists fail miserably on the "Invisible Gorilla Test" when…
The end of the world is the beginning of Tom Cruise's problems in this…
How will Marvel Studios create the weird and wonderful aliens in …
Being Human rediscovers its banter sweet spot
Dystopian British series Black Mirror returns to twist the knife
The weirdest and most unbelievable things that humans have sent into…
Dark Skies tries to scare you with a shitload of alien-possessed birds
A map showing pollution caused by ships
You won’t believe where Agent Coulson is working in This Week’s Comics!
Can Futurists Change The Future?
The Two Stages of a Hollywood Soul-Crushing
Life has been discovered beneath the Antarctic ice
Happy Darwin Day, you damn dirty ape-cousins!
Chechnya wants these motherf—in' wizards out of its motherf—in' country
How Geoff Johns Changed Green Lantern Forever
Warner Bros. wants to give Dorothy a sword and a TV show called Red…
Arrow Episode 1.15 Promo Photos
The 40 Most Amazing Toys From Toy Fair 2013
The "Hobbit Hole Litter Box" is even more beautiful than we imagined
Catch Up With Some of the Best Short Stories of 2012
Penguins teach humans to walk on ice without getting injured
How the Nazis Tried to Bomb New York
So... the popularity graph for the name "Bruce" looks just like Batman
Now's your chance to name two of Pluto's new moons
Physicists discover what a multiverse might really be like
New DNA analysis suggests Nefertiti was King Tut’s mom
Local TV station issues emergency broadcast warning of zombie…
Simon Pegg swears J.J. Abrams will be back for Star Trek 3
Wreck-It Ralph was almost locked up in this video game prison
Check out the new Ghost in the Shell prequel anime, Arise
These creative USB sticks will make your file transfers way more…
Doctor Who's Martian monsters return at last. Plus tons more Star Trek…
Once Upon A Time might be the most frustrating TV show I've ever watched
Haunting photograph turns Earth into Middle Earth
The political schism between Chinese science fiction and fantasy
Zoologists watch as monkey midwife delivers baby
Exclusive Alien vs. Predator concept art shows what a Predator victory …
An incredible book of poetry about DC's Legion of Super-Heroes
Why Budapest Is Famous For Its Art Nouveau Architecture
The Doctor Who 50th anniversary will be in 3D and movie theaters, too
Watch thirty epic hours of snowstorm Nemo in just sixty seconds
History Channel's Vikings is just as brutal as Game of Thrones
I can't stop obsessing over this weird movie about computer chess
Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome's soundtrack had a…
Did dinosaurs produce “milk” for their young?
Walking Dead Episode 3.10 Promo Photos
Touch Episode 2.05 Promo Photos
Most Americans predict humans on Mars by 2033, are utterly deluded…
All hail the new king of crossplay, Slave Leo
A Massive New Volcano May Be Forming In The Pacific
23 Science Books That Are So Exciting They Read Like Genre Fiction
Philip K. Dick's The Man in the High Castle is coming to Syfy
Was Zero Hour's evil Nazi Baby birthed from My Little Pony's princess…
Why Spanish Fly only works on men.  And is deadly.
Ten more bets you'll (almost) never lose
You can see why Steven Spielberg is snapping up these posters by…
The biggest movie spoilers from Toy Fair!
Could you kill this robot?
Seriously Amazing (and Funny) G.I. Joe Cosplay on a Real Aircraft…
The Walking Dead's mid-season premiere is troubling, but not because of …
Marine biologists confirm squid can fly
NBC'S Jekyll and Hyde show canned after just two episodes
Pixar's Monsters University is in session with its first full trailer
Watch Chris Hadfield and Ed Robertson of Barenaked Ladies perform a…
Lawrence Kasdan reveals why he's returning to Star Wars. Plus the…
Best of the Week: February 2-8, 2013
New Game of Thrones trailer looks like the glamour shots of Westeros
Two leopards encounter a mirror for the first time and inspect it as…
Judge rules that it's illegal to sell custom Batmobiles because the…
All You Need is Kill set photos from WENN.com
Brass bear trap epaulettes add bite to your shoulders
On Clone Wars, Anakin and Ahsoka star in Law & Order: Jedi Knights
Europa Report Stills
Star Trek Into Darkness Still
The Neighbors Episode 1.18 Promo Photos
Supernatural Episode 8.15 Promo Photos
Pacific Rim Toys
Once Upon a Time Behind the Scenes Episode 2.18
Orphan Black Promo Photos
Continuum Set Photos Season 2
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.1.5 Promo Photos
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.1.4 Promo Photos
Arrow Promo Photos
The hunt could soon be on for Earth's tiny, temporary moons
A close-up look at the dead-eyed elves from Thor: The Dark World
Watch the awesomely bad 1987 Hindi Superman film in its singing,…
DC and Marvel characters get a Pixar-style makeover
These sculptures of impossible creatures look ready to spring to life
The original Evil Dead, remade in 60 gory seconds
Tron prom dress lights up any dance floor
Brilliant short webcomic reveals the romantic side of time paradoxes
This unnecessarily complicated pancake-making device would do Wallace…
Sorry, but elephants really want nothing to do with us
How the Streetlight Effect keeps scientists in the dark
Florida Man is the nation's worst superhero
Webcomic Guide to the Apocalypse: M.P. Shiel's The Purple Cloud
"Lady Data" cosplay photos feature a gorgeous latex Star Fleet uniform
Disabled goldfish gets around with the underwater equivalent of a…
An Alternate History of Doctor Who, in which the Doctor has always…
Quiet illustrations of Serenity and Planet Express Headquarters will…
An interactive map of places with slightly dirty names
For some reason, the Grinch is getting another movie—this time in CG
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A mechanical monster passes an outdoor cafe
This 3D-printed model spaceship is as long as a human hair is wide
A heart-warming Oscar-nominated short about an aging couple who live…
Pixar animator recaps the NFL season as epic comic battles
Scott Pilgrim artist kills all the kids in this Battle Royale poster
Meet the real people who loaned their faces to Archer's goofy spies
Watch Mike and Sulley pledge Monsters University's lamest frat
Saturday Webcomic: Mother Ship Blues chronicles the last days of a…
Gryffindor Girls spoof Katy Perry and remind us they're the jocks of…
What would the chemical elements look like as cartoon characters?
Archer is trapped in a Canadian casino and Hawkeye co-stars on …
The Vampire Diaries explores the age-old question: Why can't you be in…
If you want to see what science fiction is capable of in 2013, you…
The people who can turn streetlights off just by walking by
"Futureshock" proves that the future really is unevenly distributed
Butterfly wings from another planet
Person of Interest does a pretty good Facebook satire
A 40,000 year-old sculpture made entirely from mammoth ivory
This dress turns see-thru when you're excited
The shiniest retro-futuristic cars from classic science fiction
Room 237 trailer shows why we all need a documentary about The Shining
Why creationists love Meyer's dragon
This slow-motion car explosion video is the perfect way to end your…
Could this "nano polymer" water-repelling spray really work?
This machine helped predict the weekend's giant blizzard
Land of the Gun-Toting Monks: Your First Look at Melissa Marr's The…
Myths About Joss Whedon (That Keep Non-Whedonistas Away)
Community takes a sad look inside Abed's mind
Holy action figures! It's the first Batman '66 toys!
SETI Conducts First Ever Targeted Search For Intelligent Life On…
Ask Warren Ellis anything you want about Gun Machine
New Lego sets offer a peek into Iron Man 3
How much caffeine is too much?
HBO orders a pilot of Damon Lindelof's post-Rapture series The…
Did Games Workshop give up on trying to own the term Space Marine…
12 Real Animals We Can't Believe Aren't Pokémon
Beautiful Minimalist Science Graphics, c. 1960
This is the best Star Wars cake we've ever seen
The most perfect sphere ever made tests Einstein's theories
Buddha hates love in Jet Li's The Sorcerer and the White Snake
Who Wore It Best? The Nightmarish, Blood-Gargling Zombie Edition
Ultrasound makes sonoluminescent bubbles
Dinosaurs Went Extinct Almost Immediately After Mexican Asteroid Strike
First look at Man of Steel's lady villain Faora
Probably the most graphic SFW video you'll see this week
Here's how you make glass bulletproof — on only one side
When the United States Went to War Against the Mormons
A chatbot's hilariously nonsensical script has been turned into a short …
Could the latest villain rumors for Star Trek Into Darkness and …
Suddenly I'm liking the direction Supernatural is taking again
When telepathic aliens pretend to be faeries and elves, it's just…
Freakish, Century-Old "Tall Tale Postcards" Were the 'Shops of Their Day
An awesome mini-doc on Game of Thrones' Night's Watch, for people who…
Two hobbyists create a DiY prosthetic hand for a 5-year-old boy in…
Ryan Gosling and Matt Smith are making a movie together!
Stargate is re-opening for business (although possibly not in the way…
First footage from the clone drama Orphan Black looks like a lot of fun
Dalai Lama says we need a 'global system of secular ethics'
Once Upon a Time Episode 2.14 Promo Photos
The Justice League movie starts over
At Last, an Amazing UFO Video Without Blurring!
New study of mammalian evolution reveals one of our earliest ancestors
The one way that smog is beneficial to scientific observation
New Star Trek images surround Benedict Cumberbatch with red shirts...…
The weird life of pioneering female pulp fiction writer CL Moore
The BBC has canceled the original Being Human
These freaky flexible sculptures are easily the weirdest thing you'll…
10 Movies That Should Become Spinoff TV Series Right Now
A 62 year-old wild albatross has hatched a healthy chick — for the…
This is the ultimate supervillain weapon
R.I.P. Stuart Freeborn, the creature creator who brought Yoda to life
4.5 Billion Potentially Habitable Planets May Orbit Red Dwarfs In Our…
Why quantum mechanics is the biggest embarrassment in all of modern…
The Tick That Can Make You a Vegetarian
The fractured X-Men fairy tale that turned Wolverine into a troll and…
New Canadian coin features the incredibly badass Quetzalcoatlus — and…
Deathstroke starts Arrow's most functional relationship
The most gorgeous Leidenfrost video I’ve ever seen
William Shatner to phone astronaut Chris Hadfield at 10:40 ET — watch…
Could Fringe's John Noble really be playing the villain of Star Wars:…
Why Americans Became Obsessed with Ninjas
The Axe Cop action figures will be, without question, the greatest…
This is easily the cutest tree frog we've ever seen
How will Sean Bean get killed in the Wachowski's Jupiter Ascending?
Did the very first science fiction magazine appear in Russia in 1894?
Who do you LEAST want to play Young Han Solo in the new Star Wars…
io9 is hiring: We're looking for a few good researchers!
If sea levels are rising, let the floods come
The Walking Dead Promo Photos
Supernatural Behind the Scenes Photos
Doctor Who: An Adventure in Space and Time Behind the Scenes Photos
All You Need Is Kill Behind the Scenes Photots
All the proof you need that bloodthirsty dinosaurs live among us
The remarkable story of a Russian family cut off from all human…
Concept art shows what Paradise Island would have looked like in David …
Do zombies experience consciousness?
HBO hires George R.R. Martin to make all the shows
Games Workshop is still claiming to own the trademark to "Space Marine." …
42 years ago today, astronaut Alan Shepard went golfing on the Moon
My Visit to the Ultimate Treasure Trove of Star Wars Memorabilia
This is a man breathing fire in slow motion
The Standalone Star Wars Movies: Young Han Solo and Boba Fett?
10 Most Incompetent Space Captains in the Universe
Up's odd couple trades balloons for Batman's cape and cowl
Amateur uses the Hubble Space Telescope to produce the most beautiful…
This is what a solar flare sounds like here on Earth
How Mark Changizi conquered colorblindness with glasses
Quick: Which is more terror-inducing, aliens or zombies?
The sinister Pauli Effect
This is the most impressive Disney Princess wedding we've ever seen
Why the @#$% hasn’t there been a live-action Batman TV show since the…
2,300 Year-Old Golden Wreath Found On Head Of Buried Body In Greek…
An exclusive first look at Saturday's new My Little Pony, featuring the …
Equality in sexy book reading achieved with "Naked Dudes Reading…
The next big piece of Disney's Star Wars masterplan is confirmed. Plus …
Seventh grade girl builds rocket, sends Hello Kitty into the upper…
You'll take this poster for George Lucas' THX-1138 if you know what's…
Lightspeed Presents… “The Infill Trait” by C.C.Finlay
You Can Never Go Back to Nature
A vampire and a zombie walk into a bar... to swing dance?
This Week's Comics: The Superhero Team-Up Book That Everybody's Going to …
Neanderthals may have mostly died out before Homo sapiens came to…
Two guys wanted to know what giving birth feels like. Here's what…
A 3D Printer That Generates Human Embryonic Stem Cells
Is Farscape's Rockne O'Bannon the ultimate villain of his new show Cult?
Magnet buys the space-horror movie Europa Report... and reveals new…
The io9 Book Club is in session! Let's talk about Warren Ellis' Gun…
Your First Glimpse of the Magical Gangs of New York in the Winter’s…
Parks and Rec's Chris Pratt is officially Starlord in Guardians of the…
Meet the Andean Cock-of-the-rock. It's f*cking strange as all hell and…
Walking Dead Mid-Season Promo Photos
Reading on your tablet computer at night could be disrupting your sleep
Futurama's seventh season may ret-con the series' saddest moment
All the Science Fiction and Fantasy Books You Can't Afford to Miss in…
So the Committee for Small Body Nomenclature just named an asteroid…
George Saunders' new book shows just how terrible first world problems…
10 Educationally Insane Superhero PSA Comics
We will not change the world with memes alone
ERMAHGERD Guillermo del Toro is making a Secret Garden movie
How well did NYC's flood analysis predict the reality of Hurricane…
Richard III identified? Not so fast, say DNA experts
This gif of the Joker putting on lipstick is utterly terrifying
How liquid nitrogen can make things explode
Astronomers Say Super-Earths Are Actually Mini-Neptunes
The first stand-alone Star Wars movie could center on Yoda
Jon Snow explains exactly how cold it is beyond the wall (Hint: It's…
Ahmadinejad wants to be the first Iranian in space
In the future everything will hover and YOU WILL LOVE IT
Another reason why nothing beats an astronaut
Benedict Cumberbatch reveals why his Star Trek Into Darkness character …
Walking Dead Promo Images
Vampire Diaries Episode 4.15 Photos
Iron Man 3 Super Bowl Ad Stills
What If Your Favorite Cyborgs Were in an Anatomy Textbook?
Polyandry is more common than we thought
An interactive map of what New Yorkers complain about, by borough
The Real-Life Japanese Pop Star Scandal That's Possibly Too Weird for a …
Jared Diamond earns criticism for suggesting tribal people are in a…
How The Mars Curiosity Rover Became Science Fiction
The Hulk is Ally Sheedy in this Avengers/Breakfast Club mash-up video
Joss Whedon teases us all with this amazing Firefly Magazine
What's the cutting edge of feminist science fiction today? Your chance…
The sticky truth about Spider-Man's "web"
How can you tell if you are suffering from Future Shock?
This G.I. Joe movie ad is the best Super Bowl commercial that didn't…
The Strange History of the Moscow Cathedral That Couldn't Be Destroyed
Every wacky American Horror Story: Asylum plot in 60 seconds
Ghibli's new movie features blistering…
Our individual perception of global warming is matching up with reality
An Anthology of Science Fiction Stories from 80 Different Countries
Warren Ellis' Gun Machine Is a Blood-Soaked Hymn to New York Gun…
What is the purpose of the Universe? Here is one possible answer.
Pacific Rim gets a rave review from Rian Johnson, plus some stunning…
6 Appalling Things I Would Do If I Ran Famous Scientific Institutions
Could serialized pulp novels actually be the wave of the (retro)…
Thunderbirds will return, but without any puppets
Gemma Arterton trades hunting witches for vacationing with vampires in …
This Week's TV: Could Community possibly be worth watching without Dan…
Astronauts, Satan and The Rock dominate the best Super Bowl commercials
Denmark's newest sci fi franchise stars shimmering killer cyber-giants, …
Batman and his Sexy, Steampunk and Occasionally Gender-Swapped DC…
The Marvel Movie-verse may be taking a trip to Planet Hulk
A bacterium that turns toxic chemicals into solid gold
How to induce fear in "fearless" people
DNA from Canadian family confirms identity of King Richard III's remains
The Captain America sequel finds its female lead. Plus lots more X-Men …
Best of the Week: January 26-February 1, 2013
Robert Downey Jr. goes full Superman in the new Iron Man 3 trailer…
Get an eyeful of monkey mouth in the Oz: The Great and Powerful Super…
A surprisingly great noir-style comic set in the world of Pokémon
New Lone Ranger trailer repaints our hero as an Old West Batman
Star Trek Into Darkness Super Bowl spot is Enterprise torture porn
The ordinary home lives of dragons, gryphons, and mystical deer
Touch Episode 2.04 Promo Photos
Jack the Giant Slayer Promo Images
Trueblood Behind the Scenes Photos
Clone Wars finally gives us the Darth Maul/Palpatine battle we've been…
Crowdfund comics about science and scientists, Ralph Bakshi shorts,…
The Avengers' Leviathan warships could have been more H.R. Giger-esque
Benedict Cumberbatch's next big role might be as Alan Turing
And now, see what it was like to drive on the Moon
Voyager 1 outlives the magnificent death of the sun in this…
These plants might be nobler creatures than we are
Why you should feel bad for the Internet-created monster Slender Man…
Do objects of different masses really fall at the same rate? The…
When they're off duty, these natural history museum exhibits find…
Insanely detailed paintings of kaiju fighting in historical battles…
A Skylab astronaut remembers his NASA career in animated form
Gender-flipped fairy tale princes ditch their glass shoes and let down …
Nothing is coming up Milhouse in this Simpsons/Spider-Man mashup
Designer makes a leather ring from his own flesh
On Vampire Diaries, the moral high road is littered with the corpses…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Beach Vacation with the Robot Family
Eerily cool music video features MRI scans of a singing head
Earth-stopping short film Noon will become a full-length feature
Create your own pulp magazine covers with the Pulp-O-Mizer
A touching animated tale of Challenger astronaut Ronald McNair's early…
Meet the Justice League of Edo Japan
Two-dimensional rivals must fight a three-dimensional battle in this…
Saturday Webcomic: Hemlock is the tale of a woodland witch and the…
Heathers writer and Mean Girls director teaming up for the undead…
Pretending to be a superhero could make you more altruistic in real…
Archer gets a cyborg co-star & Palpatine confronts Darth Maul
The Bizarre Disappearance of the Peking Man Fossil
A future Antarctic research station that can walk over the ice
Malört: The Most Disgusting Liquor of All Time
Zach Quinto in "The Search for (Someone Who Gives a Crap about) Spock"
A storm on Saturn so huge that it wrapped around the entire planet
What does science fiction have to teach about real science?
Proof That Superman Lives Would Have Made Batman & Robin Look Like The…
The io9 Calendar: All the Science Fiction and Fantasy You Can't Miss in …
30 Rock's finale proves it always was a science fiction series
Remembering the Crew of Space Shuttle Columbia
The Best "Aliens Land on Earth" Scenes Ever Filmed
What it Means When Someone Tries to Tell You THE Rules of Good Writing
Wow. So Google Street View is now available for the Grand Canyon.
Meryl Streep is a huge Witch in the Into the Woods movie
Soon, 3D printers could be building houses on the Moon out of lunar…
This isn't cosplay, it's actually G.I. Joe's Baroness in real life
The Woman Whose Pulp Art Was Too Sexy for "Public Decency"
Dark Side of the Earth: What would happen if our planet became tidally …
NASA will launch the largest solar sail in history as soon as next year
The Best of January's Short Stories (That You Can Read For Free Online)
The 15 Dumbest, Goofiest, and Otherwise Most Impractical Gundams Ever
Breathtaking Photos of Four Volcanoes Erupting Simultaneously in Russia
Hot Damn, this Dead Space concept art is stunning
Warm Bodies is Romeo and Juliet and Zombies, only better
The Joy of Space Age Fashion
The grotesque witch concept art from Hansel & Gretel will probably turn …
These natural formations look like alien ruins
Scientists record the first video of thoughts forming in the brain
Here's William Hurt as the legendary physicist Richard Feynman!
When you can't talk, but you can sing
A compact mecha-suit for battling pocket-sized xenomorphs
Edgar Wright takes you to The World's End. Plus a metric ton of Jack…
World War Z's Super Bowl trailer makes no mention of zombies
Hey hey, Aleister Crowley is the Winchester brothers' grandpa on …
They sent a blogger into deep space. They should have known it would…
Terry Pratchett and other fantasy authors score at this year's ALA…
An Index of Dozens of Maps from Epic Fantasy Novels
This fan-made Star Trek Into Darkness trailer boldly goes where only…
How the Battle of Asakai Became One of the Largest Space Battles in…
The Greatest Science Fiction Porn Movies of All Time: 1992-2001 [NSFW]
Computerized Sex Cravings
At $10,000, it might be easier to steal WETA's Orchrist replica from a…
Watch J.J. Abrams explaining why Star Wars is all about the "Mystery…
Game of Thrones video diary interviews the Wildlings beyond The Wall
The Cancer Death Rate is Down 20%
Read Harrison Ford's original script notes from Raiders of the Lost Ark
Walking Dead Episode 3.09 Promo Photos
Vampire Diaires first look at Charlie Bewley
Once Upon a Time Set Photots
Jodie Foster in Elysium
The Vampire Diaries Promo Posters
World's End Promo Photos
Student Robot Club builds wheelie legs for a disabled cat
New Doctor Who comic shows the Doctor's ultimate weakness
Arrow Episode 1.14 Promo Photots
The Year's Best Visualizations of Scientific Concepts
At least Superman Unbound probably won't ruin Superman
How soon before we can start mapping the surfaces of distant planets?
How do owls twist their heads all the way around without dying? At…
Tom Hiddleston and Tilda Swinton are vampire rock gods in Jim…
Revel in All the Decadence of the Edwardian Period in This Sumptuous…
On Twitter, @TheAverageShark follows just one person
12 Things That Ruined Superman
Captain Harlock's new trailer reminds us why he's the baddest BAMF in…
Duncan Jones will direct a World of Warcraft movie starring Johnny Depp
The physics of why there are no vampires at the North Pole
Condoman is back to promote safe sex — and this time he's got help
Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors would rather save the circus than the…
Arrow is an embarrassment of riches (and drugs)
A monster truck that pounds the ground to simulate earthquakes
That One Time a Fire Almost Destroyed the Mir Space Station
This is where Chicago gets its guns
An aurora caused by an atomic bomb
Joss Whedon's Avengers 2 already has seven incredible moments. Plus a…
R2D2 heels probably don't spit out a tiny holographic Carrie Fisher,…
Finally, a TV show about what it's really like to be a sexy…
A baby gorilla has just been born at the Twycross Zoo in the UK!
New Doctor Who toys may give away Steven Moffat's next plot twists!
A Moonrise Unlike Any You've Ever Seen
Google Earth image reveals The Hunger Games' Quarter Quell
A novel about why Buddhists could eventually rule the world
High end camping in Nessie's backyard = the perfect vacation
New definition of the "Goldilocks Zone" puts Earth right on the edge of…
Science Fiction and Fantasy Authors Who Served in the Military, and…
Why do we still send animals into space?
Art Created by Industrial Robots with Chainsaws... and Quill Pens!
Why You Always Wake Up Early After a Night of Drinking
Ridiculous first looks at Zod and Jor-El courtesy of new Man of Steel…
The Vampire Diaries Episode 4.13 Promo Photos
The Vampire Diaries Episode 4.14 Promo Photots
This animated short doesn't just look cool, it looks hand-drawn
This gallery proves Frank R. Paul still rules science fiction art
Jack the Giant Slayer Posters
This Z-grade movie trailer is so inexplicably insane that you'll be…
Fables meets The Unwritten in the ultimate Vertigo comics crossover!
5 Essential Frank Herbert Novels That Aren't About Dune
The director of Warm Bodies and 50/50 thinks you're the real zombie
Charles Stross' multiverse saga, The Merchant Princes, continues in 2015
Game of Thrones  King's Landing recreated with baffling precision in …
The First Doctor returns to Doctor Who, courtesy of... Harry Potter?!
A ring of illuminated ice crystals encircle an Alaskan moon
Please give us a science fiction version of Grand Theft Auto!
It‘s the Cartoon Apocalypse, and No Quality Animated Series Shall…
New $1.6 billion supercomputer project will attempt to simulate the…
Further proof that reality has become a William Gibson novel
College students can track scents like bloodhounds
Meet Chainsaw Slingshot, the Slingshot That Fires Chainsaws
Will Iron Man 3 feature some surprise superhero cameos after all?
Bow down to the Monkey King, by watching the first trailer for Stephen …
What can celebrated Polish author Stanislaw Lem teach scientists about …
A chandelier made from petri dishes that actually grows bacteria
This book is like reading Kafka on Ketamine
Being Human adopts a werepuppy!
Pluto just got denied planetary status AGAIN
A robotic tail that lets you express yourself like a dog
Skyfall writers will pen Nicolas Winding Refn’s Barbarella TV Show
Some Spider-Man casting ideas more insane than Paul Giamatti as the…
Vampire Diaries Episode 4.13 Promo Photots
Robot Combat League Promo Photos
Once Upon a Time Episode 2.13 Promo Photos
Being Human (US) Episode 3.04 Promo Photos
Arrow Episode 1.13 Promo Photots
Bunny ninja hats will make you stealthy and adorable
Being Human Episode 5.1 promo Photots
"Lost" tortoise found alive in storeroom after 30 years, immediately…
TV Show Opening Monologues That Are Worth Reciting in the Shower Each…
The amazing new Star Wars toys that will completely invalidate all…
Do not underestimate the awesome power of this Star Wars art
What Country Best Represents the Future?
Why Gay Men May Be Less Anxious Than Straight Ones
Watch C: 299 792 km/s, a short film set in space with absolutely zero…
10 Greatest Prison Breaks in Science Fiction and Fantasy
Iran sends a monkey into space, is mortified beyond belief
Domestic cats are destroying the planet
The Justice League movie depends on Man of Steel not sucking (uh-oh)
Are the latest ridiculous Nic Cage Superman test shots real or fake?
Turn Yourself into a Zombie with Dead Yourself, The Walking Dead Photo …
NFL fans by U.S. county, according to Facebook
Bacteria and fungi living 30,000 feet above the Earth could be…
The CW greenlights a reboot of the classic British TV series Tomorrow…
Listen to the Fringe cast's real accents in this farewell video
How this rainbow cloud is waging chemical warfare on us
Cult horror director to make mysterious new space movie
This handsome sea creature is where crocodiles came from
Robert Downey, Jr. reveals some new Iron Man 3 clues. Plus Bryan…
Top 100+ io9 Stories from Our First 5 Years
These exceptionally rare color photographs show Paris at turn of the…
io9 Book Club Reminder: Meeting 2/5 to Discuss Warren Ellis' The Gun…
It's Okay to be Smart is now on YouTube!
What It Means to Love the Future
An even more revolting vision of American Horror Story Asylum's aliens
This is what happens when you open a can of mixed nuts in space
Powerpuff Girls will live again, but Young Justice is dead
Paul Giamatti is in talks to play The Rhino in Amazing Spider-Man 2.…
Watch Siskel and Ebert battle a snooty Star Wars-hating film critic…
The Wackiest and Most Random Roles the Star Trek: TNG Cast Ever Took On
Brad Bird's 1952 movie has officially been renamed Tomorrowland
Touch Episode 2.03 Promo Photos
The Wolverine Magazine Photos
Man of Steel Magazine Photos
Kicks-Ass 2 Magazine Photos
Lost Girl Episode 3.05 Promo Photos
After a 7-year coma, Ariel Sharon has "significant" brain activity
Can you tell the difference between this Black Mirror trailer and a…
Why you should starve yourself a little bit each day
Knights of Badassdom trailer shows Peter Dinklage vs. a succubus
One Writing Tip That Really Does Work Most of the Time
Can you learn to taste numbers, smell words, or hear colors?
The 10 Most Badass Cartoon Heroines of the ‘80s
io9's Golden Anniversary Party in Pictures
Watch 90 airplanes take off in 30 seconds at the San Diego Airport
Dolphins create a raft with their bodies to prevent an injured…
New sci-fi TV series feature teen aliens, android cops and Alfonso…
This Week's TV: The Shocking Truth About the "Superman Curse."
The history of Bioshock Infinite, in convenient 1960s school filmstrip …
How much would a Death Star really cost?
The deleted Blade Runner scene you never knew you missed is here…
Plush Jon Snow is the best Game of Thrones toy we've ever seen
The bizarre psychological syndrome that affects only medical students
This woman is made of star stuff, and so are you
Artist Converts Everyday Objects Into Super-Realistic Miniature…
J.J. Abrams shares his first thoughts on Star Wars: Episode VII... and …
Person of Interest Episode 2.13 Promo Photos
Best of the Week: January 19-25, 2013
Arrow Behind the Scenes Episode 1.16
Vampire Diaries Episode 4.12 Promo Photos
Paintings of an Astronaut Exploring the Strangest Planet of Them All:…
Why male bats take the high road and female bats take the low road
Clone Wars once again proves that it's the ideal venue for Darth Maul
Supernatural 8.14 Promo Photos
Supernatural Episode 8.14 Promo Photos
Oz the great and Powerful Posters
Being Human (US) Episode 3.03 Promo Photos
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.13 Promo Photos
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.12 promo pics
Games of Thrones Season 3 Promo Photos
This little dinosaur had feathery wings 150 million years ago—but…
The Webcomic Guide to the Apocalypse: Early Tales of Comets Destroying …
The Doctor and the Ponds finally meet Inspector Spacetime
Have your own Big Adventure with this Pee-wee Herman cycling suit
This wordless, richly animated short fantasy adventure film is nine…
Motion test for Mama's ghostly creature is freaky all by itself
Animal-Shaped Armor for the Eternal Battle of Cats vs. Mice
Sometimes all it takes is a cape to transform into someone’s superhero
Not content to merely revolutionize our ideas about space and time,…
Star Trek & The City looks for love where no sex columnist has gone…
Revel in the technical details and biomechanical weirdness of The…
Deadpool ruins classic works of literature, one book cover at a time
Script pages from The Shining reveal the ending Kubrick had destroyed
Bryan Singer is bringing three more X-Men trilogy actors to Days of…
French chapel traded its gargoyles for Gizmo, Gremlins, Grendizer, and …
Anamorphic sculptures reveal their secret shapes in the mirror
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Giant Robot Waits Outside a Museum
Take a photographic tour of NASA's space food through the decades
NBC orders pilot for Oni's supernatural western The Sixth Gun
From space, the Australian Outback looks like a Jackson Pollock…
Only the awesome power of the Voice Over can save a stranded astronaut …
Aliens, Hellboy, and Indiana Jones all reenact René Magritte's The Son…
Watch the brilliant expansion of an exploded star, captured over 58…
Saturday Webcomic: Satan's Soldier is an ultra-violent superdick
Unused Croods storyboards are carnivorous plant-fightingly fantastic
Behold the Cat Bomb, the 16th century's fuzziest weapon
Green & Red Lanterns square off while Deathstroke appears on Young…
Disney confirms it: J.J. Abrams is officially directing the next Star…
The most distant object in our solar system is actually the second red …
Do you want a documentary about Tim Burton and Nic Cage's insane …
Holy sh*t these undead teddy bears are terrifying
Why the User Interface in Hackers Hasn't Aged That Badly
Hansel & Gretel Is the Platonic Form of "So Bad It's Good"
Here, have a limerick about four-headed penises
Can J.J. Abrams do for Star Wars what he did for Star Trek? And should …
An anthropologist explains how hackers are changing the definition of…
First trailer for Mood Indigo is pure Michel Gondry dream madness
Listen to Edward James Olmos awesomely perform the original Battlestar …
Here's what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object
Why people in the United States are still dying from the bubonic plague
All the Game of Thrones Fan Theories You Absolutely Need to Know
The "Add Drama" Button is the best thing you will see today
Meet the entire cast of Game of Thrones season three
When Atrocitus says "Can't we all get along?" you know things have gotten …
You can't really tell how a new technology will transform the world…
6 Possible Secrets to Happiness, According to Science
Loki's alien army could have been a hell of a lot more metal in …
John Dies At The End is a carnival ride through the subconscious of…
Guillermo del Toro describes his real-life encounter with a ghost
A Prism That Shoots Concentrated Beams of Rainbows
Futuristic Romeo and Juliet fight gravity in the new Upside Down…
Opal Mining: A Damn Good Way to Get Yourself Killed
Among Independent voters, belief in climate change actually shifts…
A Trip to the Moon in 1892
Chemistry goes psychedelic with the Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction
American Horror Story's season finale: a bloody brilliant hour of…
Warner Bros. pretends they're going to make a Robotech film again
James Mangold reveals why The Wolverine is infused with Japanese…
An Art Historian Reflects on the Beauty and Significance of Hubble…
Even if you're sick of teenage dystopias, this paranoid mind-wiping…
On Supernatural, Felicia Day Makes Everything OK
Timeline for The Lord of the Rings told in a giant ring chart
Rumor: The  Justice League movie snubs Aquaman
The Funniest Short Story We've Seen in Ages
Why bobbing your dog's tail is really bad idea
The physics of fire, gasoline, and sheer unbridled idiocy
What food has the MOST calories per ounce?
J.J. Abrams will direct the next Star Wars movie
If only one past Doctor could appear in Doctor Who's anniversary…
The strangely true connection between Scientology, the Jet Propulsion…
Tigers brutally maul snowmen, look adorable in the process
This is how far we've driven on other worlds
Beautiful Creatures clips still have us confused on this whole magical …
The guy who put zombies in the Star Wars universe is sending Darth…
Dung Beetles Use the Milky Way for Navigation
Christian Bale calls a young cancer patient just to talk about Batman
Scientists No Longer Banned from Researching Deadly Mutant Bird Flu
The 36 Greatest Supervillain Musical Numbers of All Time
This Hugo-winning author is also the most dangerous villain on the…
Is this really a 300 million-year-old machine gear?
Sundance darling Drake Doremus is looking for sci-fi love in his next…
One physical phenomenon that orders our entire universe
A look inside the mystery box that inspired Brad Bird's strange sci-fi…
Watch this squirrel deliver the greatest "oh sh*t" face in the history…
New resolution would see "Darwin Day" recognized this coming February 12
To Boldly Go Crazy: The Weird Fan Art Adventures of the Starship …
The Arrow characters gather to assemble Batman
This robotic 3D printer doesn’t need your help, thank you very much
Armadillos, Leprosy, and... You?
The geography of abortion access in the United States
This is why niobium is the cutest element
Why are Jim Carrey and Adam Sandler competing for a role in Guardians…
Taylor Swift is Rapunzel in the latest "Celebrity Disney Princess" photo …
Here is why dinosaurs with feathers were f**king scary
The book about earthworms that took Charles Darwin 44 years to write
The scariest thing about the serial killer in The Following
Here's your first look at samurai Keanu Reeves in 47 Ronin
China will see a much shorter version of Cloud Atlas
Alex Kurtzman and Bob Orci are creating a sexy Sleepy Hollow for Fox
A single image covers 67 years of Penguin science fiction book covers
Government Scientists in the U.S. Are Set to End Most Research Done On …
Think you can multitask? Congratulations, you're probably living a lie.
A compound that could turn an entire swimming pool into jelly
Your Chance to See John Dies at the End for Free in San Francisco!
Season 2 Premier Promo Photos
Snow White's Mom
Lost Girl Episode 3.04 Promo Images
Where Memes Really Come From
What I've Learned From 5 Years of Arguing on the Internet
This is the largest collection of planetarium projectors in the world
We could be watching The CW's answer to The Hunger Games this fall
Dwayne Johnson is producing a movie based on this DeviantArt…
G.I. Joe: Retaliation would like to remind you that it's chock full of…
No New Doctor Who Episodes Between This Spring and the Anniversary…
Frank Darabont's Brilliant Pitch for a New Conan the Barbarian Movie
New Type of Volcanic Eruption Produces Globs of Floating Molten Foam
This robot suit rampage is so awesome you'll almost forgive it for…
You just don't understand sexual cannibalism
10 Best Gonzo Science Fiction Movies in the Whole Crazy Universe
41% of Democrats are young-Earth creationists
Doctor Who returns on March 30th, set your TARDISes accordingly
A detailed view of Betelgeuse on a collision course with a nearby wall …
Vincent van Gogh comes to life when his portrait is transformed into a …
The Semi-Definitive Algorithm to Why Nerds Freak Out About Things
Japanese finance minster wants old people to "hurry up and die"
No, George Church is not looking for "an extremely adventurous female…
Yes, you can actually hear microwave pulses
New Ultramarines trailer promises the Warhammer 40K movie is finally…
Brand New Hints for Star Trek Into Darkness, Iron Man 3 and Mad Max:…
This pirate-themed bedroom set is the greatest thing ever
Being Human's third season changes everything!
Sexual fungus could be the key to revolutionizing penicillin
Further evidence that Asians colonized the Americas long before…
This long exposure shot makes a lightning storm look downright…
Ron Howard in talks to direct Neil Gaiman's The Graveyard Book
An Android You Can Make With A 3D Printer
"FireFly" spaceships to begin exploring asteroids in 2015
Shane Carruth's new movie could leave you even more bewildered than …
SHIELD behind the scenes photos
More Famous Historical and Cultural Figures Who Could Become Monster…
Game of Thrones' Tywin Lannister reads 50 Shades of Gray for your sexy, …
First Details About Black Mirror Season 2!
These Character Names Should be Banned Forever
These WWII nurses in gas masks look like retro-futuristic superheroes
I can't stop watching these private feeds from insecure webcams
It Could Be A War Crime To Use Biologically Enhanced Soldiers
Honest trailer for Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull…
7 Japanese Kids’ Anime That American Kids Will Never, Ever See
We'll Take One Monster Chair, Please
New illustrated map of the Pangaea supercontinent is right out of the…
New Walking Dead season 3 trailer hints everyone's more doomed than…
Divers capture amazing dolphin-rescue on video
Arnold Schwarzenegger will appear in the next Terminator movie
How Frank Darabont will return Godzilla to his rightful place as a…
So this is what time zones look like in Antarctica
Thinking about being stronger can actually make you stronger
BBC America heads back in the TARDIS to bring classic Doctor Who to…
New Zealand environmental activist wants to ban cats as pets
Iron Man 3 reveals why The Avengers totally screwed with Tony Stark's…
Now you can learn about the fae at this slightly creepy "elf school" in…
Will Utopia be your new obsession? Signs point to yes.
Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen could look a LOT different in Man of Steel
Sleep deprivation could be ruining your love life
Sperm Whales Adopt A Dolphin With Spine Deformity
This collection of weird short stories will sneak up on you and knock…
What's so bad about Spanish sperm?
This is the most amazing TARDIS dress we've ever seen
What Is An io9? And Where Did It Come From?
These are the wildest places on Earth
Holy crap, this chicken laid the most ridiculous egg we've ever seen
Does this mean Once Upon A Time will have Star Wars characters in it…
Dick Tracy's newest partner-in-crime-fighting is none other than George …
Defiance Promo Photos
Canada's new hi-tech $20 bill has the wrong maple leaf on it
Is there any science fiction left on TV, now that Fringe is over?
Just John DeLancie singing about the history of Bronies, that's all
This Friday: Michael Chabon joins Glen David Gold and... Savage Dragon …
Do men really have higher sex drives than women?
The Zombieland TV show heads to Amazon.com
Benedict Cumberbatch on his snug Star Trek 2 outfit: "You can almost…
Yes, this Star Wars starfighter is based on part of a dinosaur skeleton
11 Preposterously Manly Fantasy Series
Hobbit PSA posters warn this is your brain on the ring
23-Year Old Kim Suozzi Undergoes Cryonic Preservation After Successful …
This Week's TV: Felicia Day is Queen of the LARPers! Plus The First…
Watch Sundance's completely insane collection of short films right now
Quadruple helix DNA found in living human cells — and it may be linked …
Here's the first look at Star Trek 2's new Klingons (kinda)
A new theory on why the moon looks bigger on the horizon
Is light a particle, a wave, or a bunch of tiny, photon-gathering…
Finally, an ethical way to trap your favorite animals inside a jar
A returning Captain America character is confirmed. And has a major…
Best of the Week: January 12-18, 2013
Meet the nebula that looks just like a lazing manatee
Amethyst, Princess of Gemworld points out the awkward side of…
Toxic algae species is full of freeloading cheaters... and why that…
Brilliant motion comic tells the story of a man hired to kill…
On Clone Wars, Darth Maul decides to ally himself with every criminal…
Functional Iron Man gauntlet shoots lasers powerful enough to pop a…
Warm Bodies Posters
Vampire Diaries Episode 4.11 Promo Pictures
Being Human US episode 3.02 Promo Pictures
Beautiful Creatures Gallery 2
Beautiful Creatures Gallery
Once Upon a Time Behind the Scenes
Crowdfund a fan-made Batman webseries with a wonderfully creepy Joker
The Alphabet of Epidemiology will send you running for the hand…
Macro photos of coral take us to underwater alien worlds
Krang cosplay is the greatest Ninja Turtles cosplay
This hand-painted Incredibles poster is downright gorgeous
Man of Steel trailer gets a stop-motion LEGO minifig remake
Scifi authors pose half-naked on this genderflipped book cover—for…
Watch the original Batmobile sell for the first time at auction
The weird way to eliminate—or evoke—phantom limbs
SNL manages to come up with even more Hobbit movies
The Webcomic Guide to the Apocalypse: The Dying Earth
Make sure your cat watches this anti-drug PSA on the dangers of catnip
This M.O.D.O.K. marionette is awesomely horrifying
So now we know what Fringe was really about, all this time
Listen to the real, undubbed voice of Ghostbusters II's Vigo the…
Clive Barker gets murdery with his own version of Edward Gorey's …
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Baroque Dinner Party Aboard an…
Striking papercraft illustrations celebrate CERN and the Higgs Boson
True facts about the seahorse, nature's most romantic and poorly made…
Why dress up as James Bond when you can be the GoldenEye game…
A short film about one roboticist's obsessive quest for perfection
This musical ode to a little octopus is an instant cure for sadness
Taxidermied AT-ST trophies commemorate the Battles of Hoth and Endor
Saturday Webcomic: The Princess Planet is a land of myth, magic, and…
Does this Marie Antoinette automaton dream of mechanical cake?
How to make sure the language in your historical fantasy novel is…
Darth Maul & Savage Oppress team up with Death Watch on Clone Wars
Pulp Science Fiction in Spain, Before And During Totalitarianism
How Last Night's Vampire Diaries Episode Helped Me Skip Years of Therapy
And this is why the FDA banned sneezing powder in 1919
Supernatural is the best gay romance on TV that isn't actually gay
Wanted: An "extremely adventurous female human" to give birth to a…
Are there perfectly preserved WWII-era Spitfire airplanes buried in…
The Inexpressible Joy of Watching a Hot-Tub Horror Movie Casting…
This #upgoerfive about Saturn and its moons is a truly beautiful thing
How to Tell if a TV Show is Probably Not Going to End Well
First images from Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 make us…
A Chart that Shows a Dismal Trend in Sales of Print Science Fiction…
That time Spider-Man accidentally let a sad old man in a bowtie be god
The Science of Comment Trolls
Did NASA delete evidence of UFOs from its photo archive?
Black Milk brings sexy back to Middle-Earth with new Hobbit and LotR…
Why We Should Switch To A Base-12 Counting System
The director of The Adjustment Bureau has a mysterious new action movie
10 Ways John Milton's Paradise Lost Is Like a Bad Comic Book
24 scintillating minutes of a German otaku licking his anime girl toys
Check out the massive upgrade Gollum got in these gorgeous Hobbit FX…
Why Mama succeeds where so many other cheesy horror flicks fail
Do not operate heavy machinery while watching this creeptastic trailer …
How legally binding is Bilbo's contract in The Hobbit?
Archaeologists Mistake Viking Brewhouses For Bathhouses
Check out this wheel of purple fire!
Great science fiction authors tell us which novels they wish they'd…
NASA to launch inflatable cabins into space
The Brass Teapot stars a magical Jewish teapot that spits money when…
NASA sends Mona Lisa to the Moon with a laser
Coconuts are nature's IV bags
For the weekend: Isaac Asimov's Visions of the Future is available free …
Everything you need to know about American Horror Story, that Vampire…
Game of Thrones Wedding Invites Promise a Day They'll Never Forget
Japan’s tsunami created large dunes on the ocean floor
You've really never seen the Land of Oz like this before
Here is why Canadians are so damn dirty
I can't stop looking at this utterly beautiful time-lapse video
There's no way that Fringe's Observers could really be toe-tappers
We are about to find out what lurks in an Antarctic lake sealed under…
Bruce Sterling Thinks Artificial Intelligence Has Jumped the Shark
Men in Black III's villain could have looked a lot more horrific
Go home, evolution. You're drunk.
If Dr. Seuss books were titled according to their subtext
Check out these stunning macro-focus shots of butterfly and moth wings
Ron D. Moore's new Syfy series sounds a bit like his never-made The…
Your Biggest Genetic Secrets Can Now Be Hacked, Stolen, and Used for…
New Terminator screenwriters have worked on Avatar and... Drive Angry?
Last night's episode of Arrow did one interesting thing.  One.
Win a ticket to the io9 5th anniversary party in New York City next…
Supernatural Episode 8.12 Promo Photos
Once Upon A Time Behind the Scenes Photo episode 2.14
Arrow Episode 1.12 Promo Pictures
10 Decent Movies That Were Doomed by Unfair Memes
Borealis: The Best Political Science Fiction Movie You've Never Heard Of
Warner Bros. wants to reboot Gremlins because Mogwais
The creepy ghost creature Mama is real, according to Nikolaj…
Here's the short film that gave Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell the chance …
"Elephant taunting" is now a thing in India
Deadpool Shot First: A Collection of Ridiculous Deadpool Crossover Art
The Poynting-Robertson Effect forces things to fall into the sun
Pubic grooming is making crab lice an endangered species
Why did 4,000 sheep die near the United States Dugway Proving Ground…
This interactive travel map of the Roman Empire is like Oregon Trail…
Researchers create two different kinds of lava lamp... for science!
Russell Crowe reveals why Man of Steel is an all-new Superman. Plus…
Syfy pulls the plug on Alphas, once and for all
A basketball court straight out of Tron
Without a doubt, this is the greatest '80s German love song about ALF…
An astonishing shampoo-related physics mystery
First Hints About How Zombieland Will Become a Weekly TV Show
A lie detecting program that discovers deception better than people can
The Evolutionary Biology of Star Trek
Dog Owners Wearing Sweaters Made From Their Dogs, Or When You've Gone…
9 Amazing Short Films That Will One Day Be Feature Films
This in-depth tour of the International Space Station is just excellent
Back in 1965, the original Star Trek Captain thought the show was…
Vampire Diaries Marketing Photos
Once Upon a Time Episode 2.12 Promo Photos
Lost Girls Episode 3.03 Promo Photos
Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, Part 2 Promo Photos
Fringe Series Finale Promo Photos
Enough Already with the Juice Cleanses
At long last, Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity gets a release date!
Fringe's Seth Gabel breaks out the hair gel as Arrow's drug-slinging…
"Once-in-a-century" ISON comet could be visible from Earth during the…
What's your favorite science fiction motorcycle?
The hidden bus routes in San Francisco that are only for techno-elites
All the Space Adventure and Superhero Angst You'll Find in This Week's…
9 species of animals that are having more fun than you
Finally, proof that all movie trailers use the same color palette
My Sexually Deviant Neighbor Totoro
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is a thing that is happening
NASA's Curiosity Rover prepares to drill, baby, drill
The Great Millennium Falcon Second-Shooter Conspiracy
This is what China's record-level air pollution looks like from space
Could Tasmanian Devils be the best Syfy Original movie ever made?
Watch this stunning lunar flyby taken shortly before GRAIL's planned…
The Walking Dead gets ready for the Great Woodbury War in this new…
Tons more on Thor: The Dark World from two of the movie's stars. Plus…
Physicist aims to publish a science fiction novel to raise $2 million…
That time travel movie that started on Reddit is really getting made!
What Happens to a Succubus in a Prison Run by Amazons?
Quite Possibly The Weirdest Book Covers Since the Invention of Paper
Breakthrough technique for cutting and pasting genes into DNA works…
Why Alien Invasion is the Perfect Metaphor for Growing Up Black in…
The Hottest Trend in Recent Korean Television: Time Travel. For Love.
Find out why Olivia has to make one last great journey in the two-hour …
The Greatest Magic: The Gathering Art of All Time
Three Tips For Creating a Brand New Alien Planet from Scratch
How a designer turned Renaissance woodcuts into an amazing high-tech…
A chip that turns your body into a battery
Read an exclusive short story from one of the year's most acclaimed…
Is it a 1990s virtual reality controller or a sex toy?
That high school principal who made the Terminator spoof got a two-day …
Being Human's Sam Witwer and Sam Huntington are live on io9, and taking …
The Ultimate Recipe for a Dark Hero's Dark Journey into Darkness
In space, no one can hear you cry
The Galactic Empire Responds to the White House's Response to the Death …
How 19-year-old activist Zack Kopplin is making life hell for…
How to make metal pulse like a beating heart
Supernatural Episode 8.11 Promo Photots
Arrow Episode 1.11 Promo Photos
18 severed human heads discovered at O'Hare airport
20 Gobots That Remind Us Why the Gobots Sucked So Incredibly Hard
Holy crap — this short film rocked my world, and I want more
Can someone please explain Shane Carruth's new Upstream Color trailer?
Why John Dies at the End Kept Director Don Coscarelli Up at Night
Get your cyber-brain-jacks ready for more Ghost in the Shell
This French doorway is obviously the beginning of the Cthulhian…
These one line sci-fi portraits are simply stunning
This is what it would really look like to travel at near-lightspeed
Warner Bros. prepares to put The Odyssey in space — a space odyssey,…
There ain't no party like a Brighton Swimming Club party cause a…
The Problem with the Fake Geek Girl Isn't That She's Fake, It's That…
Watch this new animation of the Huygens probe as it lands on Titan
All the latest from Marvel's Thor: The Dark World, Iron Man 3, and …
Snowpiercer Set Photos
This is what happens when you give fairy tale characters guns on Once…
No, Zack Snyder is not directing a samurai Star Wars movie
In new Scientology tell-all book, Tom Cruise explains his "special…
In which a Steampunk pioneer returns to the genre for the first time…
What if David Attenborough were the subject of a nature documentary?
New Axe Cop cartoon proves Axe Cop is a president you can trust... to…
Poll shows that quantum physicists agree to disagree about the nature…
TBS invites you to gawk at the geeks in this first unsurprisingly…
AMC Picks a New Showrunner on The Walking Dead, but how long will this …
Pickpocket master Apollo Robbins reveals how to steal someone's watch
Geeky Exercise Routines (To Replace Your Failed New Year's Resolutions)
Jack the Giant Slayer Banners
Fringe Finale Behind the Scenes Photos
Evil Dead Behind the Scenes Photos
Disney is giving us Brad Bird's mysterious sci-fi project for Christmas …
Ponyville Recreated into Some Kind of Nightmare Diabetic Coma Town
A Memory of Light delivers a better ending than Robert Jordan's Wheel…
A spiky spherical robot that will roll, tumble, and bounce its away…
Once again, MC Frontalot makes nerd life into the most awesome thing…
Scientific evidence that you probably don’t have free will
Holy @#$%, Zack Snyder Is Working on a "Star Wars Samurai" Movie…
High school principal could lose his job for making a Terminator fan…
10 of the Greatest Space Technologies of the Twenty-First Century
Science fiction returns to Syfy: Check out the pissed-off aliens of…
Everything changes for DC's Medieval ass-kickers in Demon Knights #16 — …
Cartoon Couture Collection gives your favorite cartoon characteres a…
True facts about the baby echidna, the most adorable creature on Earth …
Private Test Pilots to Fly First Commercial Crewed Space Flights for…
This Week's TV: The Most Intriguing New Time Travel Show In Years
The New X-Men Are Entirely X-Women (or Maybe Vice Versa)
The Brazilian Treehopper may be the strangest creature we've ever laid…
Anthony Mackie reveals Marvel's high-flying plans for The Falcon in …
Gary Busey explains Hobbits, and the results are predictably insane
Why you'll never see a green star (but an alien might!)
Weather forecast calls for heavy rainfall, 50% chance of Batman
Rare ground-level photo of Hiroshima bombing found in former Japanese…
Joss Whedon drops some intriguing S.H.I.E.L.D. hints and promises The…
Best of the Week: January 5-11, 2013
The Orion Nebula fires "bullets" the size of our solar system
Pike chokes to death on fish almost its own size, is an idiot
Concept designs of battle-ready pathogens and blood cells would make…
Supernatural Episode 8.10 Promo Pictures
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.11 Promo Images
Clone Wars reminds us that R2-D2 is the unkillable hero of the Star…
Aaron Swartz Died Innocent — Here Is the Evidence
Crowdfund a documentary about science fiction's forgotten visionaries…
A Stylish and Whimsical Steampunk Short about the Wheel that Runs the…
A bizarre igloo-shaped hotel lies unfinished and abandoned in Alaska
Try to name all the silhouettes in this Star Wars alphabet
What would Finn and Princess Bubblegum look like all grown up?
Minor character movie posters imagine the untold stories of Nazgûls,…
Watch Neal Stephenson slice up fruit with swords on high-speed video
So can we get a line of Avengers-inspired dresses already?
Why certain color combinations drive your eyeballs crazy
This amazing full-length, live-action Toy Story remake reminds us how…
The Webcomic Guide to the Apocalypse: Plague
A History of Superman, told in 25 logos over 75 years
A Chart of Emotions that Have No Names in the English Language
This incredible photograph illustrates the movements of a violinist's…
The plots of movies conveniently broken down into clever pictograms
Seriously, Fringe? That's what you're going with?
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Tales from the Roving City
We want to pinch the cutest Bender's shiny metal face cheeks
Introducing Superman, Man of Fashion
H.P. Lovecraft's Advice to Writers: Read the King James Bible and…
Now that Jake the Dog is going to be a dad, let's meet Cake the Mom
Behold the real-life tentacle porn of squid sex
What if Batman starred in his very own Spaghetti Western?
Saturday Webcomic: Trekker is an ass-kicking bounty hunter from our…
Alien was Rated X in the UK because it might have given teens weird…
S.H.I.E.L.D. will be a sequel—not a prequel—to The Avengers
Jake the Dog becomes Jake the Dad on Adventure Time
The White House will not build a Death Star, tells us in hilariously…
Person of Interest delivers a dark, weird, soon-to-be-cult-favorite…
Get It Straight, People: It's Winter Storm Gandolf, Not Winter Storm…
Are your eyes and brain forcing you to conform?
Astronaut tweets pictures of his SPACE NACHOS
Do we really need two Vampire Diaries shows?
The Shocking Truth About Rejection Letters
All humans have been female at least once in their lives
Meet the new writer of Swamp Thing: 27/Strange Attractors creator…
Ask Gail Carriger anything you want about Soulless and the Parasol…
The Power of Few trailer feels like Snatch starring Jesus' Clone
What You Can Do Personally to Get More Original Science Fiction Movies
Watch how this robotic-like T7 virus infects a cell
IBM's Watson computer has parts of its memory cleared after developing…
An Early Contender for Best Science Fiction Music Video of the Year:…
10 Good Reasons to Watch Lost Girl, the TV Show About a Succubus…
Eye-Popping New Concept Art from Avengers, Green Lantern and X-Men:…
Why Does Coffee Make You Poop?
Arnold Schwarzenegger: Great Darth Vader or the Greatest Darth Vader?
Seriously, why hasn't a video game been nominated for the Hugo and…
This is the best magic trick on the internet
Now THIS is the Incredible Hulk series we want to read
Australia Is the Latest Victim of the Global Smurf Crime Conspiracy
Somali pirates continue to use rocket launchers and grenades to attack …
The three-eyed raven delivers a new Game of Thrones trailer
Storage 24 is like Doctor Who without all the things that make Doctor…
Ancient Roman Vestal Virgin hairstyle re-created for very first time
Holy crap, this year's flu season is shaping up to be downright…
This aircraft is being chased by the red death
This awesome sci-fi short reminds us even aliens are subject to robot…
Community reveals the Dean's first scheme of the new season: The Hunger …
NASA says NGC 6872 is the largest spiral galaxy ever discovered
DeLand's Paradox is an illusion that can "disappear" a whole person
Watch the first-ever footage of the giant squid in its natural habitat
Reports of the demise of Robopocalypse and FX's Powers may have been…
Actual Plot in American Horror Story: Grown Man Drinks Sex Worker's…
The Host Photos
Did Google Earth capture shots of a clandestine military anti-grav…
The Latest American Fashion: Bulletproof Jackets and Backpacks for Kids
You can own this shiny Weta artwork from The Hobbit
Is it time to move past the idea that our brain is like a computer?
Read a very punny excerpt from Piers Anthony's new Xanth novel, Luck of …
The new Captain Underpants book proves that time travel can still be a …
James Watson Says Antioxidants May Actually Be Causing Cancer
Science is finally used for its most noble purpose: Trying to prove…
Worldbuilding is the main reason so many of us fall in love with…
Can't sleep, robot spider dress will get me
Collector buys a camera at an antique shop — and it's filled with…
Joss Whedon is already working on more scripts for ABC's S.H.I.E.L.D.…
The Avengers FX reel will blow you away
Jack the Giant Slayer Poster
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Promo Pictures
Arrow BTS photos
This Doctor Who 50th anniversary special will feature a five-Doctor…
Sequence an award-winning science fiction writer's genome, while Neil…
What's the rarest figure eight in the universe?
One Man A Capella transforms into a dwarf chorus while singing The…
Lost RPG is the perfect example of the best (and worst) of Lost
The Wit and Wisdom of Aliens' Private Hudson
Doctor Who's Noel Clarke explains how a Spider-Man villain wound up in…
10 Landmarks in Science Fiction History That Could Happen in Your…
A drug that restores hearing in deaf mice
Colony of 9,000 penguins discovered in Antarctica
Mix vampires and espionage with tabletop RPG Night's Black Agents
Steven Spielberg's Robopocalypse has been "indefinitely postponed"
Why did the Vikings abandon Greenland?
Chris Nolan is going hard scifi with his next movie Interstellar
The Unbelievable Wretchedness of Mainstream TV's "Nerd Episodes"
The first proof of the Doppler Effect
An entire pod of orca whales may be hopelessly trapped under arctic…
The Y: The Last Man movie is back on (for now)
At what point would the Earth become a black hole?
Why Josh Trank's Fantastic Four reboot will remind you of Alien!
Catching Fire photos
Walking Dead poster
Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters photos
Vampire Diaries 4x10 promo pics
Being Human 3x01 promo photos
This is how the primordial Earth looked — right after the…
How Science Fiction Book Covers Moved From Cheese to High Art... and…
You want more female celebs as Avengers? Here are more female celebs…
Never get too attached to a cute dog in a horror movie
An Aerial View of Manhattan That Will Blow Your Mind
New trailer for the "telekinetic lost dog" movie Wrong is so weird, it's…
The mysterious Area 51 graveyards where secret military technologies…
Baby sharks may be the key to the ultimate shark repellent
All the Essential Science Fiction and Fantasy Books That Are Coming in …
Has Humanity's Explosion Become a Population Bomb?
First trailer for Eli Roth's sexy monster series Hemlock Grove
Jurassic Park's one week only IMAX, 3D rerelease dates announced
It's official: 2012 was the hottest year ever in the U.S.
Apparently Glen Mazzara left The Walking Dead TV show because Robert…
A House Shaped Like a Flying Saucer, Perched Atop a Volcano
Why does relativity mean that mass changes with speed?
Video takes you deep inside the post-production process of Star Trek…
The coming Australian water wars
The 12 cognitive biases that prevent you from being rational
New Warm Bodies clips show the day-to-day "life" of a zombie
First official Catching Fire images reveal Finnick's modified,…
GRRM has a new Winds of Winter preview chapter up!
First trailer for The Last Exorcism: Part II picks up right where we…
On the Nature of Evil (Also, Zombie Sex)
Finally, an explanation for why our fingers and toes get all pruny…
Have you ever seen a dolphin stampede? You have now.
A disturbing glimpse of Australia's wildfires as seen from space
Oh, it's just the Stark kids rapping the Game of Thrones opening credits
James Mangold takes us inside The Wolverine's shattered psyche. Plus…
Quite Possibly the Most Revolting Severed Penis Scene Ever Filmed…
A simple biotechnology that could prove once and for all whether…
Once Upon A Time uses powerful magic to mean-girl Regina
Is Stephen Hawking 'more machine now than man'?
Your First Glimpse of the Nightmarish Fates of Superman and Batman, in …
Rococopunk is not only sillier than Steampunk, it's also more punk
This video captures some insane neutron star blasting action
New video of Machine Perception Lab's creepy robot baby shows that it…
How to Cope With All The Stages of Fan Letdown
Brett Ratner is making a high concept Quantum Leap show
#overlyhonestmethods is the PostSecret of the science world, and it is …
How to Rebuild a Broken Ecosystem — Yes, You Can Do It, Too!
The Justice League sells out in this awesome DC superhero money art
Once Upon a Time Episode 2.11 Promo Photos
Once Upon a Time Episode 2.11 Behind the Scenes
Mama Photos
Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters Stills
Vampire Diaries Cast Photos
This is the biggest mirror on Earth
Human artistic expression peaks with time-travel monster movie Army of …
Shyamalan will bring weekly WTF to television, in Wayward Pines
Alec Guinness thought Star Wars was "fairytale rubbish" and Harrison…
Nicely Done: US Supreme Court Slaps Down Challenge to Embryonic Stem…
You've never seen flowers bloom like this
10 Awesome Female Engineers from Science Fiction
Four clips from Mama ask what's scarier, little feral children or…
The io9 Book Club Is in Session! Let's Talk About Gail Carriger's …
7 minutes of super-creepy Star Trek: TNG test footage
Astronomers say there are at least 17 billion Earth-sized planets in…
Researchers have captured the first-ever video footage of a live giant …
Mark Romanek's live-action Cinderella movie is too dark for Disney
Can we bring the Greek Gods back, please?
Simulated mission to Mars made astronauts sleepy, lethargic, and less…
Joseph Gordon-Levitt won't Guard the Galaxy because he's visiting Sin…
This massive Triassic Era sea monster picked on prey its own size
Guillermo del Toro explains what's up with GlaDOS in Pacific Rim. Plus…
David Bowie's new music video is melancholy, nightmarish
New Pacific Rim trailer takes you inside Guillermo del Toro's giant…
The Ultimate Guide to 2013's Science Fiction and Fantasy TV
Walt Whitman's "When I Heard the Learn'd Astronomer" in Comic Form
Please speak up so the Dark Lord of the Sith can hear you
Science fiction novels rule a China where development leaves people…
First Clip From Pixar's Next Amazing Short Film, "The Blue Umbrella"
Watch out: Someone is trying to scam science fiction authors
Apple rejects video game about civil war in Syria
Does it matter that Spider-Man is a different character on TV, movies…
Brand new Avengers concept art takes us inside S.H.I.E.L.D.'s hardware!
How to Write for Money Without Selling Out Too Much
The Big Bang Theory asks the preposterous question, "What if girls went …
Leonard Nimoy is here to tell you about NASA's Ion-Thrusting Dawn…
Oz the Great and Powerful
Dinosaurs probably shook their tail feathers and "struck a pose" to…
Superman: Unbound Promo Pictures
Orphan Black Promo Picture and Poster
The winning images from Nat Geo's 2012 Photography Competition will…
Why the Paranoia RPG’s Alpha Complex is the greatest dystopia of all…
The Most Disturbing Movie Poster You'll See in 2013
Frank Darabont is rewriting the Godzilla movie
6 Reasons Why Batman is Both Perfect and Boring
Every 007 Actor's Face Morphed into One Perfect James Bond
This dinosaur-era bird had a full set of teeth for crushing armored…
This Week's TV: Fringe will answer all your questions... but will you…
15-year old whiz kid has research on dwarf galaxies published in …
Apparently Guillermo del Toro turned down Star Wars: Episode VII too
NASA considers plan to capture an asteroid and turn it into a space…
Lies and the lying animal (names) that tell them
These Hansel and Gretel clips are still totally ridiculous, still a…
The Trek fan whose dying wish was to see Star Trek Into Darkness has…
Lots More Guardians of the Galaxy Casting Rumors. Plus the Latest…
Best of the Week: December 29, 2012 - Jan. 4, 2013
Motörhead-playing robots are the ultimate metal band
Why you really don't want to live in a wide binary solar system
This classical music was created by a supercomputer in less than a…
Lost Girl Episode 3.01 Promo Images
Play a nightmarish adventure story set in a twisted world that evolved …
Warm Bodies Promo Images
Warm Bodies BTS
The Great and Powerful Oz Promo Images
The Host Promo Posters
Fringe Episode 5.11 Promo Pictures
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.10 Promo Photos
Arrow Promo Pictures
American Horror Story Episode 2.11 Promo Photos
666 Park Avenue Episode 1.11 Promo Photos
666 Park Avenue Episode 1.10 promo photos
Clone Wars goes dumpster diving with an amnesiac clone
What a human being looks like going through an airport baggage X-ray…
Short-haired, armored Wonder Woman is ready for battle
Watch a trippy, alien-filled animation by the director of Yellow…
Beware the tiny monsters lurking in your popcorn
This hilarious hip-hop Hobbit video packs more plot than the entire…
Anatomical illustrations painted directly on human bodies
How would the William Gibson of 1984 have described the Internet of…
Witness Back to the Future II's homages to It's a Wonderful Life
We can dye hair with real gold nanoparticles
Concept art reveals the double-decker chase scene cut from The Amazing …
sexytrek
Sexy Spock
The Indiana Jones Movies, Retold as Maps
It's Doc versus a Giant Crustacean in a slew of new Venture Bros. images
These colorful sculptures are actually painted spider webs
Martin Freeman is Tim Baggins when The Office goes to Middle Earth
New edition of 1984 will feature a "censored" blacked out cover
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Retro Fads of the Future
Forget steam: Some Victorian era machines were powered by dogs
Gorgeous pop-up book lets you dissect a unicorn organ by magical organ
Ventriloquist Harley carries a Jokerface doll in these Batman villain…
What it's like when a hungry polar bear decides you're lunch
Baby Dalek dress is perfect for your infant cyborg-in-training
Dollar bill presidents get made over as the Justice League
Saturday Webcomic: In Saint for Rent, an inn for time travelers…
Stanley Kubrick worried the psychotic HAL 9000 would offend IBM
Watch an eerie mockup animation of Neil Gaiman's fable about a heroic…
Let's Celebrate the Return of DC Nation!
Hackers are the ultimate superheroes, on Person of Interest
Bruce Sterling's Advice for New Science Fiction Authors: "Trying to ace…
Photography is science not math — and here's why that matters
How to Explain to Children Why, in Space, No One Can Hear Them Scream
Universal appears to be thinking about Middle-Earth: The Theme Park
The Ironic End of the Man who Made Himself Immune to Poison
All the Best Reasons to Love Comics in 2013!
Superman looks seriously bummed in the latest picture from Man of…
How to Think Like Sherlock Holmes — And Have a Better Life
The number of planets in our galaxy alone is downright staggering
Watch the beautiful opening scene from the CG-free space movie C: 299…
Why can't any recent Sherlock Holmes adaptation get Irene Adler right?
The Science Fiction Publisher That's Helping to Bring Back a Classic…
Against all odds, Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters may be good and here's…
Why does winter make you so SAD?
10 of the Most Pointless Action Figures Ever Made
New Side Effects trailer asks: If a pill turns you into a murderer,…
Meet Larry, the projectile-vomiting robot
Why Titan A.E. is an Underappreciated Masterpiece
Titan A.E. Gallery
Princess Leia finally gets her X-Wing license thanks to Dark Horse's…
This eerie animation was hand-drawn with ink, coffee and white-out,…
Do Transformers have souls? The answer may surprise (and irritate) you!
J.K. Rowling may — may — be writing a Doctor Who story
We have achieved laser-controlled graphite technology
The new red-band Evil Dead trailer barfs up buckets of blood on the…
Benedict Cumberbatch reveals James T. Kirk's evolution in Star Trek…
A Huge Step Forward for Environmentalism: GMOs Are Not the Enemy
How Star Trek: Deep Space Nine Helped to Invent Everything You Love
Fantastic Concept Art from the Pixar Film That Never Happened, Newt
The Finishing School on the Airship, Where They Teach Young Ladies to…
William Shatner is sending messages to outer space — and getting a…
Just how much about your future could someone tell from your DNA?
Star Trek Into Darkness High Quality Promo  Pictures
Does multitasking actually improve your memory?
The Ultimate List of Reasons We Know the Earth is Definitely Round
77 Science Fiction and Fantasy Movies to Watch Out For in 2013
This scientific article about poop may have the best title in the…
Snowpiercer Concept Art
Arrow Episode 1.10 Promo Photos
The Uncomfortably Common Practice of Medicinal Cannibalism
Stephen Fry explodes balloons with a laser
Watch the best singing nun scene in American Horror Story history
What happens if you get hit by a meteorite?
Trailer for All Superheroes Must Die attempts to kill off all the…
Man accidentally traps a bobcat, captures the dramatic release on…
7 Robots Who Are Nothing But Advertising Shills
The Woodward Effect allows for endless supplies of starship fuel
With this Arc Reactor, I Thee Wed
Watch the gorgeous trailer for Warren Ellis' Gun Machine narrated by…
New Images Show a “Living” Mars
Today in Horrible, Horrible Ideas: Making Robots Play Rock 'Em Sock 'Em…
First look at Snowpiercer, the futuristic movie where we all live on…
This is what fireworks look like in reverse
Could a former Lex Luthor (and Flash) be the unexpected star of …
Google has already charted the failure of your New Year's resolutions
Catzilla screams, change my litter box or death!
This franchise map shows which studio owns your favorite characters
Barack Obama just had a prehistoric lizard named in his honor. Can you …
Amethyst: Princess of Gemworld is the new cartoon queen of DC Nation
Argentina is the new home of Robotechnology thanks to this…
Further proof that cats and space go together like Kirk and Spock
Could Joseph Gordon-Levitt ditch Batman for Guardians Of The Galaxy?
Why do so many villains get caught on purpose?
Warm Bodies Promo Pictures
Celebrate H.P. Lovecraft with amazing fiction and essays!
Portlandia demonstrates how idiotic you sound when you complain about…
How much do you want to know about your unborn child's DNA?
Walking Dead Second Half of Season 3 Promo Pictures
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For Images
American Horror Story Episode 2.10 Promo Images
Why a Gun Loaded With Blanks Can Still Kill You
Can being overweight actually make you live longer?
What do Istanbul and Deep Space Nine have in common?
10 Book Series So Addictive, You Never Want Them to End
The dead get buried (metaphorically) in this new Walking Dead season 3 …
Neil Armstrong may have lied about the origins of his "One Small Step"…
The most important question of 2013 answered: Can zombies get drunk?
Looper deleted scene shows how Gat Men get it done
The most useless machine on Earth gets an upgrade
The io9 Guide to Science Fiction and Fantasy in January
All the Latest Spoilers for Fringe, Once Upon a Time, and The Walking…
Panda blood could hold the secret to the next generation of antibiotics
Ancient hominids may have left the trees, but we never abandoned them
This steampunk girls' adventure novel might actually knock your goggles …
This Week's Comics: Popeye Vs. Martians! The Dresden Files! And The…
Last Resort Episode 1.12 Promo Photos
Once Upon a Time Behind the Scenes Photos
Pixar Concept Art for 2014 movies
This is what the Lizard could have looked like in Sam Raimi's…
Behold an Alien facehugger made entirely out of animal bones
Awe-Inspiring Pictures Taken from the ISS as the New Year Begins
Learn to Be a Better Writer By Reading Fanfiction
Finally, we have achieved arm-mounted steampunk typewriter technology
The 13 Best Worst Science Fiction Movies Of All Time
Lightspeed Presents… “The Sounds of Old Earth” by Matthew Kressel
Superhydrophobia spawns the Lotus Effect
Can humans journey into deep space without cosmic radiation frying our …
Here's the first official look at Pixar's new dinosaur movie and more
The most epic rap battle of Middle-Earth is between Gollum and…
New Year’s resolutions you need to make in 2013 (and I don’t)
Megapiranha was real and it could bite harder than a T. rex
Kick off 2013 with the latest batch of insane Justice League rumors!
Looking Back at 2012 with io9!
Newly discovered mega-tooth could belong to one of the biggest…
Robocop Set Photos
Every Batman Actor's Face Morphed into One Perfect Bruce Wayne
Superman in Bondage: The Kinkiest Kryptonian Comics Covers Ever…
Continuum Episode 1.01 Promo Pictures
Continuum Season 1 Cast Photos
Birds' brains respond to music the same way human brains do
The Coolest and Wrongest Spoilers of 2012
The new greatest G.I. Joe figure of all time isn't made by Hasbro
The Truth About the Culper Ring, the First U.S. Spy Family — and the …
Thank goodness for a YA heroine who doesn't have a romance
10 Science Fiction TV Characters We Hope Will Die in 2013
Does the cooking process really de-booze the alcohol in your dishes?
This Week's TV: 10 of Your (Possibly) Favorite Shows Are Back!
Watch ants slip and slide to their doom inside this ingenious…
This Back to the Future/Doctor Who mash-up is just so damn perfect
The Most Baffling Pop Culture Moments of 2012
Man stuffs Denny's entire Hobbit menu down his Hobbit-hole
Adventures in the Forbidden Zone: The Best of io9's 2012 Longreads!
Tons More Hints for Tom Cruise's Oblivion. Plus the Lowdown on Doctor…
Best of the Week: December 22-28, 2012
Cyborg cockroach does what you tell it on Twitter
The Greater Midwestern Squidowl wishes you a tentacle-filled new year
A Massive, Interactive Chart of All of Zeus' Offspring and Affairs
Ethereal photos of the spirit that haunts Russia's underwater crystal…
Welcome to Galaxy NGC 922... mind the black holes!
Jack the Giant Slayer Images
Last Resort Episode 1.11 Promo Photos
Pixar animator tries to create 365 superhero designs
Watch the insane neck fighting in this vicious giraffe duel
90 of the world's rarest animals are in a North England field
How does Captain America cope with modern life? By keeping a diary…
Can you spot the animals hidden in these wildlife photos?
Snowy Space Invaders "crop circle" appears on a French hillside
No, David S. Goyer is not directing a live-action Hellsing movie
At this tattoo parlor, Alien and Predator are actually pretty good pals
This mystery writers' prank would make an incredible sociological…
Picard vamps, Worf sings, and Riker makes out with the camera in this …
18 Predictions for the Year 2013 from Science Fiction Stories
The Lost Sword-And-Sorcery Classic From the Art Director of Star Wars
Must-Watch Video of the Day: Life-Size Superman Flies Over the Beach
Batman bookshelves will keep your books safe at night
Tarantino's third alternate history movie will be a much bloodier…
Glow-in-the-Dark Fringe poster reveals the alternate universe when the …
The stop-motion Doctor Who Puppet also saved Christmas this year
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Farmer Makes a Trade with Aliens
Which type of dinosaur meat would be the tastiest?
Eric Idle rewrites Monty Python's "Galaxy Song" to celebrate the wonders…
A fun animated short about a guy with the most boring job in the Alien …
What if Disney's princess movies were horror stories?
Blueprints of the Rebel ships from the Star Wars Battle of Yavin
Don't pirate John Dies at the End or you will spontaneously (and…
Saturday Webcomic: Spindrift is one of this year's most gorgeous…
Hubble-print dresses, skirts, and scarves let you wear your space porn …
Charlie the Unicorn is back, and this time he's battling singing…
Tron taggers, Spike assumes a Wookiee Life Debt on My Little Pony,…
True facts about the anglerfish
The Mystery of Clouds That Glow at Night
Alison Brie As Captain America: Now this is the gender-swapped …
Absolutely Stunning Concept Art of Paris 2084
The Tragic Story of the First Man Who Separated Conjoined Twins
Richard Feynman waxes scientific about a flower, touches your freaking …
A Good First Stab at a Vampire Diaries Drinking Game (Disguised as a…
Chainsaw Fight? Chainsaw Fight!
The Absolute Best Optical Illusions of 2012
J.J. Abrams grants a dying Star Trek fan's final wish
What's the penalty for smuggling dinosaur bones? A lot more than you'd…
The Year in NSFW!
Gerry Anderson or Michelangelo Antonioni? It's slightly harder to tell…
Is this burrowing spider adorable or terrifying?
The Most Futuristic Predictions That Came True in 2012
Behold the world's most spectacular crater lakes
First look at the Young Justice cartoon's way overdue return
The Most Unrealistic Movies of 2012, According to Scientists
Django Unchained: What Kind of Fantasy Is This?
What makes people come back to life after being pronounced dead?
Creationist textbooks are garbage, creationist textbooks are garbage,…
Mockingbird Lane is officially dead
Here's the scariest short film Guillermo del Toro has ever seen
12 Lessons That 2012 Taught the Entertainment Industry
Robots are stealing our womenfolk in the world's first sci-fi country…
Everything You Need to Know about the Bizarre Genetics of Werewolves
Here's the earliest known map of the Gulf Stream, created by Benjamin…
10 Incredibly Stupid Ways Superheroes and Villains Have Died
ILM reveals how they assembled the ultimate Avengers movie shot
Horrifying test footage from the live-action Marvin The Martian movie…
Shout Out Louds release a record made entirely from ice
See a recreation of the experiment that discovered the electron
Just how will Professor X lose his hair in X-Men: Days of Future Past!?
Come watch two hours of Matt Smith's Doctor Who with us on Saturday!
The Greatest Science Fiction Porn Movies of All Time: 1961-1991 [NSFW]
The father of modern computing was also a poetry critic
ULTRA FLESH
Support new original horror fiction from Ellen Datlow!
Why does Jaron Lanier hate the Web so much?
The Absolute Best Cosplay of 2012
Sex World!
Spermula Clips
Flesh Gordon Stuff!
Only Bruce Wayne can afford this ludicrously expensive Batman chess set
Check out the first four minutes of zombie-romance flick Warm Bodies
These photographs of nude dancers are absolutely stunning — and 100%…
Great Quotes about Writing from Game of Thrones Author George R.R.…
Why The Venus Effect Has Been Tricking You for Centuries
The Biggest Scientific Breakthroughs of 2012
First Look at Danny Boyle's Hypnotist Heist Movie, Trance
Barbarella Caps, Clips and Photos
Physicians in China treat addictions by destroying the brain's pleasure …
Could the U.S. economy stop growing forever?
Engineer petitions White House to conduct a feasibility study on…
10 Things Kvothe Absolutely Needs to Do in Day 3 of Patrick Rothfuss' …
This is what it sounds like aboard the International Space Station
Before he was Batman, Christian Bale was Jum-Jum the Swedish boy from…
Human Gene Patenting: Yes, Companies Can Own Your DNA
The crocheted Dwarven Helm comes complete with beard, fabulousness
Geese will tremble before the might of THE GOOSINATOR
Spider-Man cartoon to promote Spider-Man comics, just not... …
Are you boozing this holiday season? Try blunting hangovers with…
Astronomer says all those Earth-like planets we're discovering are…
Watch sparklers duke it out with water and destroy a test tube
Find out why Kirk has so much to prove in Star Trek Into Darkness!
Star Trek Into Darkness Promo Images
A Few Reasons to Make it to the Comic Store This Week
The One Type of Music That All Parrots Everywhere Despise
One Full Hour of Proof that the Star Wars Episode VII Screenwriter…
Could a captive tornado power an entire city?
First trailer for BBC America's clone drama Orphan Black looks…
These pretty mushrooms can cure cancer — if they don't kill you in the…
Official Doctor Who stamps are the next best thing to a Time Lord…
What's worse: an all-powerful hero, or an all-powerful villain?
Did George Lucas copy Star Wars' opening catchphrase from an ad in a…
Why We Should Let the Robots Take Over
At last, Steven Moffat succeeds in making Doctor Who a "dark fairy tale"
Amazon won't sell a self-published memoir that has Star Wars in the…
Catwoman concept art shows off Selina Kyle's Catsuit that never was
This perpetual beer machine is fake, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN WE CAN'T DREAM
Adorable monster necklaces have a hidden Joss Whedon joke in them
Why do mirrors reverse left and right, but not top and bottom?
William Shatner has a goatee, and we have entered the darkest timeline
What can we possibly learn from analyzing the Newtown gunman's DNA?
The 12 Most Epic Action Heroes of Science Fiction and Fantasy
Relive your favorite Doctor Who deaths in The Gallifreycrumb Tinies
R.I.P. Gerry Anderson, Creator of Space: 1999 and Thunderbirds
Scientists show that microbes from Earth can survive conditions found…
Reminder: Spider-Man totally [REDACTED] today
Yes, Virginia, There Is a Cthulhu!
Count every single failed joke in the Scary Movie 5 trailer
FINALLY: Obesity rates among America's impoverished children are…
Rick tries to save Carl's Christmas in the amazing Walking Dead…
Monstrous AT-AT cloud stands guard over the sunset
Meet the cheap facial-recognition system that will identify you…
Here's an adorable baby elephant gallivanting around at the beach
Sky-Mining is dangerous enough, but when a Deep Storm comes, it's…
California's marijuana boom is wreaking havoc on the environment
Right now, people are living in a Mars colony — here's what it looks…
Why Damon's Latest Storyline is One of The Vampire Diaries' Best Ideas…
If you weren't scared of Doctor Who as a child, you missed out on a…
J.J. Abrams turned down directing the new Star Wars movie
Answer Key: Metal Band or Microbe?
Holiday Pop Quiz: Metal Band or Microbe?
Medieval reenactors reveal the weirdest foods they've ever eaten at…
Behold the Smauglock: Half Sherlock, half Smaug, 100% Benedict…
Minimalist posters explain complex philosophical concepts with basic…
An Exclusive First Look at Timothy Zahn's New Star Wars Novel, …
Why do we blink more than we need to?
This TARDIS replica really is bigger on the inside
Phantom Eye Syndrome: When People Without Eyes Can Still See
A view of Earth on Christmas morning, as seen from space
One small hop for SpaceX, a giant leap towards rocket reusability
A 1/109 Scale Model of the Saturn V Rocket, Made of Gingerbread
Pulp Scifi Under Japanese Totalitarianism
Could your airplane be shot out of the air by lightning strikes?
Physicists propose a new theory about what would really happen if you…
Did John Milton invent science fiction?
Weirdest and Sexiest Costumes from the Original Star Trek
The Hottest Space Porn of 2012
Sneak Peek of the Community Christmas special is covered in kittens!
First look at Sharlto Copley's mecha-man face in Neill Blomkamp's …
How did the Arctic ocean get covered in thousands of delicate ice…
A third Roger Rabbit novel is coming!
The Eleven Elite Rules of Movies About Computer Hacking
Brand new Star Trek Into Darkness photos include Cumberbatch in…
And now, the best all-bike horn cover of the Evangelion theme song…
Researchers create a ‘trojan-horse’ virus to eliminate cancer in mice
This Week's TV: The Doctor Who-Related Event You Never Expected to See…
Co(s)mic Sans may be the greatest font ever created ever
Producer Caroline Skinner explains why Doctor Who is getting a new…
Neil deGrasse Tyson: Good at Science, Good at Busting a Groove
Incredible chemical reactions captured at thousands of frames per…
Pope says same-sex marriage is destroying the ‘essence of humanity’
J.J. Abrams drops major hints about the ending of Star Trek Into…
Best of the Week: December 15-21, 2012
Photographs of wild animals in our natural environment: the Supermarket
Bats might have flown their way into healthier, longer lives
K is for King Kong vs. Kraken: A Monstrous Alphabet
Archaeology exposes the forbidden eating habits of a bunch of 6th…
Person of Interest Episode 2.11 Promo Photos
After Earth Website Images
Once Upon a Time Episode 2.10 Behind the Scenes Photos
This Argentinian tourist village sat underwater for 25 years
Shot-for-shot remake of the Man of Steel trailer is homespun magic
Snow Totoro may be cold, but he'll warm your heart
One of the most majestic anatomy illustrations we've ever seen
Read a new Doctor Who story starring Harry Houdini and a race of Space …
As Commander Riker ponders, the Enterprise loses another member of her …
Surreal Illustrations for Fairy Tales that Don't Exist Yet
A Lovely Short Film About a Boy and the Robot He Can't Get Rid Of
Star Wars/A Christmas Story Droid leg lamp is a Major Award
The phenomenon that makes hands change color
Stunning pictures imagine the starry night skies over cities after a…
The Cartoon Martha Stewart Guide to a Merry Cthulhumas
H.R. Giger Tarot cards always predict an unsettling future
What if E.T. was more like Alien?
Biologist proposes to his girlfriend using DNA fragments
The "Nice Guys" of Westeros are on OK Cupid and looking for love
Ralphie teamed up with Flash Gordon in a deleted scene from A…
On Fringe, we're laughing at the superior intellect
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The Aerial Gas Station and Churro Stand
These incredible landscape photographs were created under a microscope
Gandalf plays Effie Trinket in this goofy Hobbit/Hunger Games mashup
How My Little Pony's Equestria resembles Plato's utopian Republic
How would Joss Whedon's A Fistful of Wookiees perform at the box office?
Dumb Ways for Zombies to Die: A Musical Tribute to The Walking Dead
Star Trek portrait pancakes will go where many pancakes have gone…
The Best New and Short Webcomics of 2012
Oh, the world didn't end yesterday? Nutcracker Galactus will take care…
Memory worms shouldn't be handled barehanded in the latest Doctor Who…
Family Chaos on My Little Pony plus the horrors of Christmas Cartoon…
io9's Ultimate Gift Guide for 2012
Amazing Last-Minute Gifts That You Can Buy Or Make Right Now
Addictive TV series you can mainline right now to escape the holiday…
Happy holidays! Here are some rainbow party clouds!
The history of 20th century media, captured in one poignant photo…
Actually, THIS might be the worst movie of 2012
This microbe is making you fat
How we've used bees to poison people — and get high
Watching a face waggle at 1,000 fps is weirdly hypnotic
They're really making a live-action movie about Wile E. Coyote's…
Christopher Lee has just released two heavy metal Christmas covers
ABC exorcises 666 Park Avenue from its schedule
The Best Science Fiction Music Videos Of 2012
Insane collection of Avengers concept art shows Thanos in action
Will the Star Wars comics start blowing chunks soon?
Summit grabs post-alien invasion thriller Revoc
New Orleans schools ban creationist curriculum, shun Texas revisionist …
A Very Special Card Wishing You Happy Maya Non-Apocalypse Day!
The Power List: 22 People Who Supercharged Science Fiction and Fantasy …
Like humans, dragonflies are capable of focusing their attention
Director Jason Reitman explains why Looper absolutely deserves an Oscar
Win a super deluxe re-issue of Rush album 2112, plus a 2112 comic!
The Great Filter theory suggests humans have already conquered the…
Showrunner Glen Mazzara leaves The Walking Dead
11 Reasons We Hope the World Actually Ends Later Today
That meteorite which blew-up over California last April is one of the…
Visualizing 5 years of traffic fatalities: what is the deadliest time…
How does Purple Urine Bag Syndrome relate to turkey?
This awesome Hobbit concept art is an expressticket to Middle-Earth
Where we're going, we don't need roads, but we do need this official …
These gorgeous colorized photos bring famous historical figures to life
The earliest defibrillation was done on a chicken
Child hides eggs in wardrobe. Eggs hatch deadly, venomous snakes.…
Could William Shatner play a crucial role on Doctor Who? And will we…
The Star Trek-Middleman Crossover You've Been Cautiously Excited For!
Anthropologists are among the lowest paid and least respected…
China arrests 500 people for believing in tomorrow's Mayan Apocalypse
Seth Rogen's apocalyptic comedy gets off to a good start: Killing…
Is it really true that homosexuality can be explained by epigenetics?
Charting causes of death in America between 1970 and 2006
The Absolute Best Comics and Graphic Novels of 2012
This Nazi Christmas party must have been the worst ever
Did fist fighting change the course of human evolution?
Do you want to set ice on fire? Let's do it!
Will humans continue to evolve during multigenerational space missions?
Could this be next year's most haunting movie?
You can own a perfect replica of River Song's sonic screwdriver and…
Fox wants to make a quantum physics thriller, Theory Of Everything
The Best Science Fiction and Fantasy Books of 2012
First look at Tom Hardy as the new Mad Max
An AI that cannibalizes code to create its own video games
9 Joyful Ways to Demolish Your Favorite Genre
Live-action, stop-motion short Stanley Pickle is the most beautifully…
Once Upon A Time - 2.10 Promo Photos
Would Edgar Allan Poe have made a great astronaut, or the greatest…
The Walking Dead's Gale Anne Hurd is getting into anime with a Gaiking…
The thought experiment that proved light has a speed limit
Holy mother of @#$%, Breaking Bad action figures are coming
Lost Blade Runner storyboards will let you see things you wouldn't…
George Takei reading 50 Shades of Gray is the sexiest thing you'll hear …
Phoenix's new observation tower looks like a massive honey dipper
The Best and Worst Television Moments of 2012
Luckiest owl ever survives head-on collision with pickup truck
There's a mysterious glow in this galaxy
S.H.I.E.L.D. finds its final agent. Plus tons of Doctor Who hints from …
A humble, odd little movie that might make you happy for no reason
Gorgeous illustrations of what it would look like to stroll along…
American Horror Story Episode 2.10 Promo Photos
Fringe Episode 5.10 Promo Photos
NASA's brand new spacesuit prototype really does look like Buzz…
Jennifer Egan joins the million-dollar author club
The Best Thing That Could Ever Happen to the Pacific Rim Trailer
A virus that reprograms your pacemaker to deliver an electric shock
The bears who became test pilots during the Cold War
Will we ever have cyborg brains?
A startup that will store your data in space — and on Mars
Who would win in a fight: Superman, or the Death Star?
Catch Gatchamania with the first live-action Gatchaman movie footage!
Feast your eyes on a jaw-dropping "Cosmic Holiday Ornament," courtesy of …
Over a hundred research chimps are set to be rescued and moved to a…
io9 Book Club Reminder: Meeting 1/8 to Discuss Gail Carriger's Soulless
When will we finally have a world government?
Here is your possibly leaked Star Wars: Episode VII plot of the day
I wrote a science fiction story, and parts of it came true by the time …
Joss Whedon wanted the Wasp and an extra villain in The Avengers
Do you really know what kind of fish you are eating?
Woman undergoes untested stem-cell wrinkle treatment, sprouts bones in …
A child’s treasury of 13 horrible Frank Miller comic panels
Best and Worst Science Fiction/Fantasy Movies of 2012
Destroying the internet is actually pretty fun
Map of the Pope's followers on Twitter confirms: Earth is rife with…
Redband John Dies At The End trailer has boobs, drugs and frozen meat…
How many frozen poodles can fit in a hallway linen closet?
Watch how the ground really moves during an earthquake
That crazy video of a golden eagle trying to make off with a toddler?…
Five new planets discovered just 12 light-years away
The new Doctor Who TARDIS interior revealed!
A gorgeous demonstration of Rayleigh-Taylor instability
Could Samuel L. Jackson be in Joss Whedon's S.H.I.E.L.D. show after all?
Yet another sexy reason why robots will replace humans [NSFW]
Fringe - Finale Photos
Monsters University - Promo Pics
Doctor Who - "The Snowmen" Kiss
The Self-Published Space Opera Book Series That's Become a Best-Seller
Does technobabble give rise to pseudoscience?
This rare view of Saturn is among the most awe-inspiring images of the …
Every episode of Game of Thrones season 3 will be "super-sized"!
This Week's Comics: Which is Cooler, Nazi Werewolves or Nazi…
Corvids: The Birds Who Think Like Humans
Within five years, IBM's smartphone will hear, see, smell, taste, and…
The idea that we live in a simulation isn't science fiction
Syfy postpones Haven season finale due to school shooting
This erotica book might actually be the year's most dangerous science…
Re-Wiring the Brain: The Science of Nexus
Marvel writer Dan Slott is getting death threats for the leaked ending …
Did Joseph Merrick, known as "elephant man," have Proteus Syndrome?
Best Video of the Day: The 1990s X-Men Cartoon Opening Recreated with…
Share Doctor Who memories... and give to alzheimer's research
Could nuclear disarmament actually increase our chance of an…
Red band trailer for Storage 24 is like a gorier version of Doctor Who
What Frodo would have looked like as Gollum
8 Signs That Pop Culture Is Finally Done With the Apocalypse
This is not a photograph
Falcon feeds a dog, and proves that predators make adorable friends
Monsters University banners reveal the villainous Monster Frat
Finally, some scientific explanations for Rudolph's red nose
Winter is coming, and so is Game of Thrones: The Official Beer
Astronomer discovers three potentially habitable planets orbiting…
Smurfs 2  trailer goes to war for the soul of Smurfette
Lego is building an actual hotel (only partially out of Legos)
Why there's a "b" in the word "doubt"
Deformed skulls discovered in 1,000-year-old Mexican cemetery
The Total Recall remake vs. Resident Evil 5: Which bland sci-fi flick…
How to take care of a blind baby rhino
Jamie Foxx takes us inside the twisted mind of his Amazing Spider-Man…
Two futuristic ways to give classic SF novels for the holidays
And now, the world's oldest educational film
Yep, we just smashed two spacecraft into the Moon
What Exactly Was Carl Sagan Working on with the U.S. Military?
Are all the humans (including James Franco) dead in Dawn of the Planet …
Chart Reveals The Diseases That Are Most Likely To Afflict (or Kill)…
This trampoline routine will have you doubting the laws of physics
2012's List of Best Unproduced Screenplays Is Full of Amazing Science…
This 1985 Russian Hobbit movie may render Peter Jackson's version…
Popular Mechanics makes 110 predictions for the next 110 years
Tom Taylor goes to Hell in our exclusive preview of The Unwritten #44
The best anime series you've probably never seen
Did a Canadian hobbyist just crack the World War II carrier pigeon…
Shot-by-Shot Breakdown of All the Plot Details Hidden in the New Star…
In the play "Hearts like Fists," Watchmen meets Charlie's Angels
Everything you ever wanted to know about sensory deprivation chambers
Dive into Goblin Secrets, the first YA fantasy novel in years to win…
7 Good Reasons Why There Might Be Life on Other Planets
Here's why you shouldn't nuke a hurricane
Games Workshop gets someone's book yanked from Amazon for using the…
Exclusive First Look at the Cover for Part 3 of John Scalzi's Human…
Famous robots come out of the woodwork in new GE ad, including our…
This Week's TV: A Harvard professor explains why the zombie apocalypse…
New Star Trek  Into Darkness trailer shows lots and lots of death
Slow-motion video of animals shaking water off themselves is hypnotic
Scientists build a biological pacemaker by injecting a modified virus…
New Doctor Who Christmas minisode follows our favorite Victorian aliens
"I Saw Mommy Kissing Yog-Sothoth" and other Cthulhu-ian Christmas songs
This is what a lorikeet's tongue looks like. That is all.
Japan is finally building the ultimate anime theme park
NASA captures ominous video of the three-mile-long asteroid that…
Major Reveals for Oblivion, Elysium, Tron 3, Fringe and Amazing…
Best of the Week: December 8-14, 2012
These Hobbit cupcakes have movie-accurate Dwarf beards
Enjoy a hypnotic time-lapse video of a spider weaving its circular web
The women of Marvel wear their flowing, formal costume attire
First Images from Seventh Son
Behind the Scenes photos of Fringe Finale
This Gigantic, Tangled Cosmic Cloud Could Become a Globular Cluster
Was Earth's most devastating mass extinction caused by a single microbe?
King Neptune still reigns over Western Australia's abandoned marine park
Borg Cube t-shirt delivers "Resistance is Futile" message via QR code
When life gives you Stay Puft Marshmallow Men, make s'mores
Bittersweet animated short imagines a different end to Laika's journey
That fourth Ninja Turtles movie could have also given us Super…
Diphallia: When men are born with two penises
Anatomical kitchen tools ruin your appetite as they help you cook
72 Years of Batman Logos on a Single Poster
Learn the basics of cell biology with these adorable science comics
The Middle Earth Illustrators J.R.R. Tolkien Loved—and the Ones He…
Barbara Remington's Illustrations
Robert J. Lee's Illustrations
Horus Engels' Illustrations
Cor Blok's Illustrations
Margrethe II's Illustrations
Mary Fairburn's Illustrations
Pauline Baynes' Illustrations
Tolkien's Hobbit Illustrations
Plots are about to get seriously twisty on Person of Interest
Harry Potter shop opens at Platform 9 3/4
The Amazingly Demented Monty Python Tribute from Last Night's Fringe
Short film Tempo forces a scientist to turn his velocity-warping gun…
Composite photos show a Detroit school before and after it was…
Tetsuo wins and Gotham lies in ashes in Alternate Ending art
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Robot Suicide
Benedict Cumberbatch is the most menacing teddy bear when Toy Story…
Children playing The Princess Bride make for the sweetest snow day
The Webcomic Guide to Black Body Radiation and the Colors of the Stars
Vulcan ear earrings add bling to your cosplay
If 2001: A Space Odyssey were made today, would it be marketed as a…
Watch NASA scientists rap and dance about their careers Gangnam Style
Saturday Webcomic: Broodhollow is the friendliest little town ever to…
Boardwalk Empire meets the Avengers in Prohibition-Era S.H.I.E.L.D.…
This may be the classiest Hobbit house ever built
Leatherhead debuts on TMNT, a real-life Hobbit One Ring, plus a …
This is clearly the best moment from any Christmas episode of any TV…
The Aureole Effect, and Why It Makes You Look Like an Angel
How the L5 Society Tried to Use a Quirk of Physics to Colonize Space
China's plan to build a massive 120 million-square-foot city — from…
A Collection of the Best Disney Gifs the Internet Has to Offer
Think you know all there is to know about paper snowflakes? You…
Reality Check: Violent Fantasies Don't Make People Violent
Fringe's Seth Gabel explains what Lincoln Lee is probably doing right…
What comes after the end of factory farming?
I can't stop looking at this Furry drawing book
The Hulk, Batman and the Skywalkers Get Their Own Game of Thrones…
Must Watch: China Mieville explains why science fiction is not…
Our favorite photos from this year's Geminid meteor shower
Here is the biggest goddamn snow blower you've ever seen
North Korea’s Kim Jong-un celebrates rocket launch with a smoke
Cirque de Soleil Founder on Photographing Earth from Space: "So fragile …
Guillermo del Toro over-analyzes the Pacific Rim trailer
What you need to know about e-cigarettes
10 of the Most Insane Death-Defying Stunts from Science Fiction Movies
David Cronenberg explains why his sequel to The Fly got swatted
A fourth '90s TMNT movie would've featured a "badass" fifth turtle, KISS…
The Hobbit is a lot better once you realize it's a war movie
The lasting mystery of the Hawthorne Effect
AMC will re-air all 18 Walking Dead episodes in black and white
When is an arm really a leg?
The theologically confusing nightmare that is the He-Man & She-Ra…
Make your olive oil glow with a laser!
We've seen the first 9 minutes of Star Trek Into Darkness
Is there poop on the Moon?
Oculus Rift VR headset to be used in Sinful Robots 'erotic encounters'…
Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his Star Trek Into Darkness character...…
Your First Look at Jeff Bridges as a Wizard! Plus Julianne Moore as…
12 Things You Might Not Know About The Hobbit Movie
Studio Ghibli - 2013 Posters
What's your favorite giant robot or mecha design?
Gene Wolfe's Out of Print Classics Now Available as e-Books
How Someone Measured the Speed of Light by Accident
Do we already know the plot of the Justice League movie?
30 teachers + 1 reduced-gravity aircraft  + 2000 ping pong balls =…
Why we should send uploaded astronauts on interstellar missions
Indiana Jones is officially getting mail at the University of Chicago
George Lucas cut female X-wing pilots out of Return of the Jedi at the …
The CW is just gonna go ahead and make a real-life Hunger Games,…
The Dumbest Apocalypses That Hollywood Has Dreamed Up
Ollie pulls a reverse-Grinch on the Arrow Christmas Special
The Sexiest Geek Dads in the Galaxy
U.S. had plans for a ‘full nuclear response’ should the President…
Watch the biggest iceberg break-up ever captured on film
Archaeologists at 'Pompeii of Japan' site find a 1,400 year-old warrior…
Maps of Earth Showing Where Severe Weather is Most Likely to Kill
The Moon landings, the Higgs Boson, and vaccinations are all fake
New trailer for Shane Carruth's Upstream Color leaves us bewildered and …
8 Ways to Keep the Fantastic Four Movie Reboot from Sucking
The most viral media correction of 2012 combines My Little Pony with…
Spider-Man producer heads to China to turn the Terracotta Warriors…
Why you should probably stop eating wheat
New Evidence that People Have Been Making Cheese for 7500 Years
62 terrible unused Deadpool designs from the first Wolverine movie…
Check out Pablo Picasso's hypnotic 'light drawings' from 1949
All the Best Monster Punching Closeups from the Pacific Rim Trailer
Listen to the opposite of a helium voice
Could Joseph Gordon-Levitt make a cameo appearance in Man of Steel…
Monsters vs. Giant Robots in the First Trailer for Guillermo del Toro's …
The Hobbit's Martin Freeman on dwarves, Gollum and Leonard Nimoy
Even light smoking may double your risk of sudden death
U.S. spy agency predicts a very transhuman future by 2030
This pre-Internet chatroom conversation between Jim Henson, Ayn Rand,…
Argentinians traveling Route 5 warned that they may experience "time…
Make everybody's chests more awesome with io9 t-shirts!
The History of the Marvel Movie Universe, in Concept Art
The Avengers concept art!
The Bayou Corne Sinkhole: A massive oil and gas disaster you’ve…
Captain America Concept Art!
The first-ever image of a massive river system on another world
Dear J.J. Abrams, Just @#$%ing Tell Us Who Benedict Cumberbatch Is…
Monster University Promo Images
Fringe Episode 5.09 Promo Photos
Thor Concept Art
Everything you need to know to catch tomorrow's Geminid meteor shower
Mass squid suicides haunt California coastal towns
Adorable baby chimera yawns its way into your heart
The entire city of London is acceptable collateral damage in the new …
9 Ways Humanity Could Bring About Its Own Destruction
Iron Man 2 Concept Art Celebration
DARPA builds the Imperial Probe Droid from Star Wars, basically
The science of human tails
Win Stuff While Saving the World
Your biggest life challenges, addressed: Gray hair, ponies and fantasy …
Disney World builds a giant, fire-breathing dragon that can FLY
Here are your odds of experiencing a White Christmas
Time now for some some robot-on-robot brutality, courtesy King Loses…
New interpretation of extinct ‘Hobbit’ species reveals a human-like…
Two guys attempt to simply walk into Mordor... for real
More plot details emerge for Johnny Depp's Transcendence. Plus hear…
Incredible Hulk Concept Art by Aaron Sims
The Motherlode of Iron Man Concept Art
TARDIS Desktop PC: Harness the raw computing power of the Time Vortex
Once Upon a Time - Set Photos
Morning Spoilers 12/12
New scenes from Rockabilly Batman make us scream, WHY ISN'T THIS A BOOK …
How much nose hair would you need to protect you from your city's…
Thoughtful Charity Gifts for People Who Love Science and Science…
If You Love Science, You Should Read This Magazine
How to Train for Long-Duration Spaceflight, with Chris Hadfield
A stunning solar eclipse video unlike any you've ever seen
50+ Glorious Opening Voiceovers from Science Fiction Movies
Anything Sounds Cool If It's Said In A Creamy English Accent
What The Hell Are You Talking About, Crazy Announcer?
You Can't Have An Apocalypse Without A Gloomy Voiceover
Science Fiction Movies That Start With Deep Personal Monologues
Could you live in this futuristic, ultra-tiny apartment?
Voiceovers That Turn Into Conversations, And Weird Voiceover Spoofs
In The Year 2727, Some Messed Up Shit Happened!
Things From Thomas More's Utopia That Have Come True Today
Earth's oldest trees are almost unfathomably ancient
First Trailer for Gore Verbinski's Lone Ranger: The Lone Ranger is a…
What Does Space Travel Do to Your Mind? NASA's Resident Psychiatrist…
How did humans colonize space in Will Smith's After Earth? An Exclusive …
What secrets does the Man of Steel trailer hold? Our Shot-by-Shot…
Ask Lavie Tidhar, winner of the World Fantasy Award for Osama,…
Worried about the apocalypse? Don't be. Here are 10 real dangers to…
How to make stunning abstract art using seismograph data
Behold — The Perfect Doctor Who Cupcakes
The first full-length Man of Steel trailer reveals Jor-El and General…
Dr. Zoidberg takes on Wonder Woman, Leonard Nimoy and a zombie Bin…
What if Game of Thrones was a CW series?
Scientists claim that homosexuality is not genetic — but it arises in…
Flow chart breaks down each Hobbit dwarf by their bizarro beards
Your future awaits — but is this what you want?
These Aliens Really Want to Put That Baby in the Microwave
How to injure your genitals like an American
A real-life Hobbit pub has opened for business in New Zealand
A familiar Star Trek Into Darkness character is confirmed — just not…
Person of Interest - 2.10 Promo Photos
Morning Spoilers 12/11
Why Haldeman's Forever War is One of the All-Time Great Novels:…
How Genitals Got Their Names, or Why a Penis Is Called a Pizzle
This living woman's dad fought in the American Civil War
A scientific chart that proves James Bond is getting a lot more violent
Are there going to be multiple "robot crime" shows on television soon?
Every Utopia That's Fit To Print
Famous Starships Made Out of Old Computer Parts
This video strongly indicates that parrots will use robots to conspire …
Essential Star Trek Novels That Even Non-Trekkers Should Read
If you read only one book about the future of biology, this should be…
Black Milk's new Star Wars dresses put Leia's metal bikini to shame
M. Night Shyamalan's new sci-fi flick After Earth doesn't look…
The Architect Who Gave the Future "Sensual Curves"
The Murder Mystery That's Enshrined in Every Anatomy Textbook
Female Science Fiction and Fantasy Authors Still Encouraged to Use…
The Best Science Fiction and Fantasy Holiday Specials Ever
What will you learn from the first 9 minutes of Star Trek Into…
8 Incredible Nanotechnologies that Actually Exist Today
Is the Pentagon developing a stealth drone?
This Week's TV: How do you feel about 20 years of Syfy?
Ex-Rad, the drug that takes all of your radiation worries away
More evidence that volcanoes killed the dinosaurs
Bane explains the importance of fiber in these Dark Knight Rises…
Six scientists tell us about the most accurate science fiction in…
Hear what kids think of The Hobbit while you think of your inevitable, …
Monkey with stylish winter coat spotted at Toronto Ikea
Tons More Star Trek Into Darkness Trailer Details. Plus a Surprise…
Video proof that the Inception BRAAAM is being used in every trailer,…
Best of the Week: December 1-7, 2012
Archaeologist suing makers of Indiana Jones, claiming their Crystal…
How Dave McKean created Sandman's multidimensional covers in an era…
Ancient Maori's love of ultra-hot fires unlocks secrets of Earth's…
Another WAC and Gascon episode? Why, Clone Wars? Why?
Haven Ep. 3.12 Promo Photos
Beauty and the Beast ep.1.09 Promo Photos
American Horro Story Ep.2.09 Promo Photos
Doctor Who Christmas Special Promo Pictures
The Hercules Galaxy Lives Up To Its Name With Super-Strong Plasma Jets
Proof that Data and Geordi are the original Troy and Abed
Storybook characters burst from their pages in these incredible paper…
R.I.P. Sir Patrick Moore, who brought the mysteries of space into the…
The Bizarre Christmas Song that Featured a Merry Dalek on Vocals
Hobbit cross-promotions we're grateful don't exist
LCD contact lenses could beam text messages right to your eyeball
How barbers became surgeons
Game of Thrones meets Battle of the Bands with these parody music logos
These sweet Star Wars comics will make your heart ache for the Rancor…
8 of the Weirdest Predictions for the End of the World
Tom Cruise plumbs the secrets of post-apocalyptic Earth in the first …
Proposed new ASL signs could change how deaf people discuss science
Serenity LEGO set is now a reality
The hunt for Haven's skinwalker leads to the most obvious suspect
Watch the entire Large Hadron Collider zombie movie—shot at…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Beauty Salon in an Abandoned Asylum
On last night's Fringe, Olivia was right the first time around
These 1938 psychological researchers studied college students by…
What if Norman Rockwell illustrated scenes of Gotham City life?
Carl Sagan's "Pale Blue Dot" gets a stunning animated tribute
Our first peek inside the new TARDIS interior is inscribed with…
Australia's Prime Minister issues a (tongue-in-cheek) warning about the …
Salacious Crumb dons his ugliest sweater for the Star Wars holiday…
Saturday Webcomic: Corporate Skull is a foul-mouthed, skull-faced…
Legolas has a blond elf moment at the LEGO parody Battle of Helm's Deep
This is the weirdest TARDIS cosplay we've ever seen
A Mœbius-inspired view of Star Wars and an alternate reality Adventure …
On Person of Interest, we learned more about how the Machine thinks…
One way that prehistoric people were better scientific observers than…
One of the earliest victories in the war on science
A Simple Chart That Explains Why Batman Would Have a Short Career
Six Good Habits I Learned from Being Bullied as a Geeky Kid
Spoiler Free Review of the Doctor Who Christmas Special
Wreck-It Ralph 2 probably coming — and it could feature a major video…
This is the weight of sunlight
Fear Leads to Anger, Anger Leads to Hate, and Hate Leads to Another…
This book is the closest you'll ever get to hanging out with Madeleine…
Here is the astonishing creature found inside a 200 million-year-old…
A 3D printer that manufactures new cancer drugs with drag-and-drop DNA
New Peabody and Sherman movie could make you love the time-traveling…
After extensive mathematical modeling, scientist declares "Earth is…
Giving Away Toys Can Get You Toys, Thanks to Geeks for Tots
Supercut shows how space helmets have changed over the past 80 years…
The neuroscience of comas, or what it means to be trapped inside your…
First poster for Tom Cruise's Oblivion poster shows off a…
Celebrate io9's 5th Anniversary with These Awesome T-shirts!
The next book from the author of Ready Player One already has a movie…
Why do your pupils get larger when you're on drugs?
The 10 Most Unlikely Things That Were Influenced by J.R.R. Tolkien
First ever image from The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug shows one…
Set your hands on fire and make floating balloons of death
Are we at the start of a new golden age of superhero TV shows?
Harvard team makes Legos out of DNA
Why US Air Corps servicemen were allowed to wear such badass bomber…
The War on Superman’s Underpants
Japanese Iron Man 3 trailer shows off a bit of Tony Stark's home life
Why cigarette butts are good for birds
USA orders a World War 2 alien drama from Walking Dead producer
Practice your ninja skills with the Franssen Effect audio illusion
So you’ve decided to run away and join the French Foreign Legion?…
Pan's Labyrinth Is Gonna Be a Musical
Gavin Hood reveals Ender's Game secrets. Plus more familiar mutants in …
Every Single Mental Thing Ian McShane Screams as American Horror…
The Hobbit EW Covers
On Supernatural, it's Benny vs. Amelia. Guess who wins?
When dinosaurs team up with lasers, you're basically screwed
Proof that Molly Gloss Deserves to Be One of Your Favorite Authors
The Real Reason Why Nitrous Oxide Hits You So Fast
Gorgeous Minimalist Art That Strips Science Fiction Down to its Essence
Researchers decode the chemical signals of bed bugs in real time
Lightspeed Presents… “The Perfect Match” by Ken Liu
Why do your grandparents keep falling for email scams?
Incredibly Strange and Ridiculously Cheap: Albert Pyun's 30-Year Career …
Gandalf trades his pipeweed for a bagpipe... and a unicycle
Golden Spike Company announces trips to the Moon will launch in 2020.…
Arrow goes Natural Born Killers on us!
Everything You Need to Know About the American Psychiatric…
The Most Accurate Map Yet of Our Planet's Most Powerful Earthquake Zones
Ask Red Dwarf's Robert Llewellyn all your smegging questions!
The Historical Roots of Today's Diet and Exercise Fads
Aaaaand SpaceX just scored its very first military contracts
The Most Insanely Accurate and Wildly Beautiful Chart of Every Walking …
Help prevent the apocalypse alongside Dikembe Mutombo and Science the…
NASA's GRAIL Mission returns jaw-dropping maps of the Moon,…
Other Solar Systems Might Be More Habitable Than Ours
8 ways X-Men movie continuity is irretrievably fucked
What if The Little Mermaid was a horror movie?
This is all the beautiful space litter left on Mars by NASA's Curiosity …
Tron 3 is officially online again
All the Clues and Easter Eggs from the Star Trek Into Darkness Teaser…
Dracunculiasis - an invasion of “little dragons” - is the scariest…
Watch this catfish go completely orca on a pigeon
Neil Gaiman and Neil deGrasse Tyson talk dirty to each other (or at…
Holy crap! Why is the Earth glowing green?
What's in store in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, Ghostbusters 3 and …
First Star Trek Into Darkness Teaser Sends the Enterprise Straight to…
How many times do I have to tell you the Maya didn't give a shit about…
Never-seen Dark Knight concept art reveals the terrifying origins of…
Who's the sexiest monster of the past 30 years?
Doctor Who's Mickey takes out his vengeance on alien life in Storage 24
China gets set to grow veggies on Mars — and plant the communist flag
Asterix: The Great Unsung Fantasy Hero
NASA’s 2020 Plan for Mars Makes the Old New Again
"The Black Marble": A New Satellite View of the Earth That Will Leave…
This manga-inspired Greenpeace video borrows from Hunger Games to get…
This live-action Dragonball Z fan movie is not only better than the…
Fringe Episode 5.08 Promo Photos
Side-by-Side Comparisons Reveal The Magic of Motion Capture
How Star Wars influenced Peter Jackson's decision to make a 48-FPS …
This Week's Comics: Hellboy in Hell! Darth Vader Purges! The Avengers…
The physics of Guinness are as fascinating as they are delicious (and…
This condom delivers an anti-HIV drug, prevents pregnancy, then…
A real snake on a real plane forces real pilot to make real emergency…
What really caused the Oracle at Delphi to utter mad prophesies?
Robot behavior reveals the fundamental structure of deception
The Top 10 Claims Made by Creationists to Counter Scientific Theories
One of the most creative Rube Goldberg machines we've seen in ages
A Dystopian Movie that Gives You the Glorious Weirdness that All the…
Operation Dumbo Drop Gone Terribly Wrong: How to clean a giant…
Postal Apocalypse: How to Get Drunk After the World Ends, and more
First Look at Harrison Ford's Wrathful Colonel Graff in Ender's Game
Watch Neil Patrick Harris and Nathan Fillion Discuss Puppets and…
Sacré bleu! French men have suffered a dramatic drop in sperm count…
Meet the dinosaur so ancient it may be a missing link
Christopher Nolan reveals why Man of Steel is a whole new Superman!
Doctor Who - "The Snowmen" Promo Pics Part 2
Doctor Who - "The Snowmen" Promo Pics Part 1
Doctor Who - "The Snowmen" Character Pics
New video captures enormous UFO hovering over Hawaii, broadcasting…
A Collection of Incredible and Inspiring Mars Curiosity Rover Art
Your First Look at the Animated Remake of the Soviet Union's Most Monty …
Remember that time Willie Nelson and Frank Sinatra teamed up to do a…
Introducing Spaun — the world's largest functioning model of the human…
At first glance, The CW's Wonder Woman show seems to be getting back to …
The Science of Picky Eating
Honest Trailers points out the horrible danger of actually thinking…
And here's the worst Star Wars fan in the entire world
The family that's had blue skin since the 1800s
Watch the first trailer for Upstream Color, from the director of …
Einstein may have discovered dark energy without even realizing it
The Secret History of Star Trek's Utopian Federation
The Walking Dead's Tyreese "has a hammer, and he knows how to use it,"…
The Science of Plan B or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love…
The io9 Book Club is in Session! Let's talk about Lavie Tidhar's Osama.
16 Famous Science Fiction Quotes that Make Excellent Pick-Up Lines
It's official: 'Asperger's syndrome' is no longer a thing
This week’s DVD and Blu-ray releases: The Dark Knight does some…
6 new clips from The Hobbit show just how far the first movie will go
The company that created Dungeons & Dragons is back with Gygax magazine …
NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft enters an unexplored region of space: The…
The sci-fi inspired buildings that communism built
Reading Rainbow remix will make you feel like a kid again
Five hours of planes landing at San Diego International Airport in…
Find out how James Rollins and Rebecca Cantrell are reinventing…
Secretive company to announce 'game-changing' lunar mission — and it…
Another crucial character from The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is now…
A Book That Will Make You Question Everything You Know About Dinosaurs
Hey Once Upon A Time, why won't you let Mulan and Aurora be together?
New Terminator starts over from scratch, and picks up a Mission…
The Walking Dead - 3.09 Promo Photos
Warm Bodies Promo Photos
NASA's breathtaking "Earth As Art" photos are now a free e-book
How to make your voice sound like Darth Vader
A serious amount of talent is going to be crafting mind-bending…
Don't you wish that every writing teacher was like Kurt Vonnegut?
That creepy Chronicle kid is playing Harry Osborn in the Amazing…
Japan's new 'communications robot' will prevent astronauts from getting…
OMG Mercury has water ice and organics. But what does that really mean?
There is no snarking about books like Algis Budrys snarking about books
The Governor’s sympathetic, Michonne’s a dick, and Carl rules in The…
What would it take to be Bane? A Dark Knight Rises infographic
That new Blu-ray set might actually make you learn to love Star Trek:…
The chances of The hobbit being as good as "The Fellowship of the…
When pregnancy is caused by more than one father
Man of Steel poster  imprisons Superman in handcuffs and lens flare
Why We Decided to Stop Publishing "Fan Fiction Friday"
New Catching Fire pics show trouble in District 11
Meet the Milli-Motein, a tiny, reconfigurable robot that could "become…
Top Ten Rules of Space Opera
Your next sex toy could come out of a 3D printer (NSFW)
This Week's TV: It had to happen. Summer Glau is playing an elf!
Holy crap, these entries from Nat Geo's 2012 Photo Contest are…
The Best Dungeons & Dragons Character Alignments
Is this the Justice League's big, bad villain?
Parkinson’s patient wins lawsuit over treatment that turned him into a …
Find out when your house will be overtaken by rising seas
The Star Trek Into Darkness movie poster is here, and it's…
We might actually, honestly know the three finalists for the new Star…
New Game of Thrones Production Diary: Your First Proper Glimpse of…
Best of the Week: November 24-30, 2012
This galaxy is pretty much all black hole...
Clone Wars pits the Republic's dopiest droid against its tiniest Colonel
These fish fight so hard they have to build rest breaks into their…
DeLorean taxi takes you to your appointment across town and half an…
Engineers light a menorah with a Rube Goldberg Machine, a robotic arm, …
American Horror Story Episode 2.08 Promo Photos
Monster University Posters
Crowdfund Bill Nye's science game, the Showrunners documentary, and a…
Haven Episode 3.11 Promo Photos
The Hawkeye Initiative redraws absurd superheroine poses with Hawkeye
Princess Mononoke and Miyazaki's monsters are where the Wild Things are
Real-life Pixar lamp interacts with humans and is totally adorable
This pinball machine records every movement of your game
Dwarves invade Bilbo Baggins' house—and start rapping
What does cheese made from armpit and nose bacteria smell like?
The original Batmobile is going on sale for the first time
Hat inspired by The Shining's Overlook Hotel is the perfect way to show …
Why flour and sugar factories sometimes explode
Serbian village council issues warning that a vampire may be on the…
This periodic table shows each element's relative abundance on Earth
The Hostess Fruit Pie ad Sandman and the Endless never made
Haven uncovers the creepy truth behind the Bolt-Gun Killer
Middle Earth map dress outfits you for an unexpected journey
No, the North Korean government did not claim it found evidence of…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Portrait of a Girl with her Demon Pet
Dalek disguised as a Christmas Tree waits to exterminate Santa Claus
3D printers could fabricate tools out of moon dust
Blink and you'll miss Smaug in the latest Hobbit trailer
What if spaceships had skeletons inside?
In the 1920s, businesses tricked shoppers by putting fake television…
Cambodia's floating village migrates with the seasons
Saturday Webcomic: Propeller is a Hitchcock-inspired thriller—with…
An ultra-bloody short film about a detective who can peer into murder…
Life-sized chocolate baby heads are this season's creepiest confection
R2-D2 and a band of astromech droids fly into a secret mission on …
In news that is indisputably, 100% true, North Korea found a "unicorn…
Amazing News: The BBC is adapting Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell for…
The Future Is Not Accelerating
Glare ruins NASA's photos, too. But not for the same reason it ruins…
Science Fiction Under Totalitarian Regimes, Part 2: Tsarist and Soviet …
Name that pair of Superhero underwear
Fan Fiction Friday: Harry Potter and Lucius Malfoy Really Have to Go…
Two whales swim alarmingly close to a canoe, and passenger…
One of Ben Edlund's Finest Hours: The Secret History of Supernatural's…
Watch Dan Harmon's surprisingly inspirational keynote speech on the…
Why we all secretly want the apocalypse to happen
Stephen King's Under The Dome series will be on your TV next summer
Is every living thing on Earth related?
Bizarre study suggests men care more about their sisters' children than …
How George R.R. Martin's Writing Advice Led To One Of Star Trek's…
The Complete Guide to Science Fiction and Fantasy in December
3D Roger Rabbit sequel will be set in the past, still hand drawn
At this point, Vampire Diaries is practically spoofing the "girl caught …
You will fall in love with these two bald eagles caring for their…
These creatures live in a lake that's been sealed beneath ice for 2,800 …
12 Science Fiction and Fantasy Movies That Are Just Pure Nonstop Fun
Official Iron Man 3 images showcase the Iron Patriot, Maya Hansen and…
Wind and water can build up ice feathers
Here's Stan Lee's latest sad superhero-based project
This anamorphic optical illusion is the most mind-bending thing you'll…
Relax, CW isn't renaming Wonder Woman to Iris, but she will "suffer no…
Humans have stripes! You just can't see them.
Mysteries of the Cincinnati Fire Kite
Mind MGMT Day 5: Who will win: a man drowning in regret, or a man who…
Next week is Hobbit Week on The Colbert Report
Tiny remnants of fossilized poop tell us where ancient humans lived
Another X-Men star might join Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellan in Days …
Supernatural does the very essence of a "gimmick" episode
Blistering visions of lava meeting the ocean this week in Hawaii
A rare condition that turns your skin blue
A Man and his Virtual Dragon, Against All the Malicious Code in the…
It's Modal Nodes, the io9 music recommendation forum!
Dynamite t-shirts you can wear for the holidays
Christopher Nolan originally approached Heath Ledger to play Bruce…
Which Star Wars character could star in a live-action spin-off movie?
The Angel of Death came to American Horror Story, and refused to kill…
Proof that the End of the World Doesn't Have to be Boring
The writer of Wreck-It-Ralph will co-direct Disney's Snow Queen movie …
There is something truly odd about Spock on the cover of this classic…
Could this "immortal" jellyfish unlock the secret to human life…
The world's biggest, craziest Battlestar Galactica LARP is happening…
Arrow gives us a lot of stars and a quantum bullet!
Why The Walking Dead's creepy scientist is in love with the Governor
Vote for the best science fiction and fantasy stories of the 20th and…
Pacific Rim Jaeger Blueprints
Mapping Nobel Prizes and Notable Laureates
This massive flat-topped pyramid will be built in Abu Dhabi — guess…
9+ Cartoons, TV Shows and Movies that Infuriatingly Aren’t on DVD Yet
Say hello to Imantodes chocoensis, a new snake with anime eyes and a…
Scientists snap a picture of DNA’s double helix for the very first time
Curiosity finds Daleks on Mars
First footage of Tyreese from Walking Dead!
In (Partial) Defense of Overzealous Scientists: A Reflection on…
The amazing, super-violent Walking Dead cartoon you never knew you…
How weather prediction models can be used to forecast flu outbreaks
James McAvoy and Benedict Cumberbatch join Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere
Harry Houdini's incredible book about home science experiments — free…
Doctor When and the Day of the Mushrooms
First (brief, awkward) look at the giant monsters of Pacific Rim in…
The greatest scientific typo in history
Which rising star will play the leader of Marvel's Guardians of the…
The Rise of the Backdoor Fantasy Story
First look at Primer director's next film Upstream Color
And now, a reading from the best undead novel of our time: Z is for…
The Vampire Diaries Gabby Douglas
Here is how animals survive beneath the thick ice of the Antarctic
A world map of average life expectancy by country. How does your…
The Skylon space plane just got that much closer to reality
Detective tale Mockingbird pits a psychic against a serial killer
When the sun turns blue
io9 needs your mail… to save the world!
Guillermo del Toro issues a Kaiju Emergency Alert System video!
The Vampire Diaries Episode 4.09 Promo Photos
The Walking Dead Episode 3.08 Promo Photos
Last Resort Episode 1.10 Promo Photos
Hobbit IMAX Posters
The Walking Dead’s zombie bikini calendar went horribly, horribly wrong
Geneticist claims to have sequenced 'Bigfoot' DNA
Watch an amazing time lapse movie of Central Park changing color with…
Cosplayers go wild at Bangalore's first-ever Comic Con
11 of the Least Inspirational Speeches Ever Delivered in Science…
How space-based solar power will solve all our energy needs
Dark Knight art appears to rip the floor out of an Australian mall
An absolutely incredible raw image of Saturn’s swirling north pole
This episode of NCIS: LA did more good for nerds than 5 seasons of Big …
Cate Blanchett to play Cinderella's evil stepmother, hell and yes
Saturn's moons could comprise "a veritable arcade" of Pac-Men
The only known photo of the iceberg that sank the Titanic is up for…
Is Matthew Vaughn is going to direct Episode VII after all?
Mind MGMT Day 3: The Secret Origin of the Fingerprint
The first official clip from The Hobbit is here
Joss Whedon's S.H.I.E.L.D. adds its newest, most fearsome agent!
Person of Interest - 2.08 Promo Photos
Doctor Who - "The Snowmen" Promo Images
What's your favorite non-aerodynamic spaceship design?
In San Francisco? Want to watch Star Trek: TNG on the big screen on…
Revolution teaches the most important lesson of all: Shoot first, ask…
The cake is a lie, but this Portal 2 Chell action figure is not
A Robot That You Can Train to Do Almost Anything
Ultimate Collection of Hobbit Pics, Including a Closer Look at Some…
College application fees are a barrier to getting an education
The best part of Breaking Dawn: Part 2 is online right now
Why Smug Atheists Should Read More Science Fiction
Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen Officially Cast in X-Men: Days of…
Watch this now. We bet you've never seen a more stunning video of a…
Hobbit Pics
The Autobots thwart Megatron's diabolical lunch plans in adorable new…
Why sales people love the slippery psychology of the anchoring effect
Contrary to common belief, female porn stars have great self esteem
The Ghostbusters finally get gender balanced
Whoa, scientists just reversed autism symptoms in mice
Check out the futuristic new Tribute uniforms from the Catching Fire…
A beautiful, moody t-shirt to celebrate the Dark Tower novels
10 Television Cliffhangers That Make Great Series Finales
In the future, everything will be made from trampolines
Captain Planet returns to kill off the rest of Earth's human population
This week on DVD and Blu-ray: Will Smith battles a Conchord, kids bust …
How Should This Story End? Your Vote Will Determine Our Characters'…
Why collecting toys is like a heroin addiction
What's creepier than swimming alongside an aquatic snake? A mechanical…
Is Joseph Gordon-Levitt Justice League's new Batman?
Mind MGMT Day Two: In the birthplace of immortals, you should be…
The longest American spaceflight in history will launch in 2015
New species of lion discovered at Ethiopian zoo
Everything you need to know about Iron Man 3 and Thor: The Dark World!
First official synopsis for Star Trek Into Darkness includes major…
Once Upon A Time: Now this is the Girls we want
Merlin - 5.09 Promo Photos
Arrow - 1.09 Promo Photos
Morning Spoilers 11/27
A Provocative Theory: Heinlein turned to satire halfway through his…
Jasper Fforde's first entry into young-adult fiction isn't a YA book at…
These terrifying Dinosaurs Attack! trading cards from the 1980s…
The world's most depressing anime movie is getting a live-action…
Terry Gilliam's newest future dystopia is surprisingly colorful
SpaceX founder unveils plan to send 80,000 people to Mars
Is there any scrap of New Zealand left not plastered with Hobbit…
At last the Encyclopedia of Fantasy is free and searchable online!
Producer Rick McCallum did not survive the Lucasfilm-to-Disney buyout
Be among the first to see the extended cut of one of Star Trek's most…
How to Tell if the First Draft of Your Novel Just Isn't Worth Salvaging
The Governor finally gets evil on The Walking Dead
A robot overlord's most dangerous quality is not necessarily malevolence
You can own these Russian Star Wars posters, advertising a cat-faced…
19 science fiction movies that could change your life
This video of an anaconda regurgitating a cow is the most repulsively…
Disney is populating their theme parks with robots that can THROW…
Saudi Arabia implements electronic tracking system to monitor women's…
This Week's TV: Two of your favorite comic book characters are coming…
This lamp tells you the weather by recreating it inside your house
The 11 Game of Thrones Characters Least Likely to Win the Iron Throne
Alicia Keys sings the Gummi Bears theme song, and it's beautiful
Here's an experiment with nanostructures you can do in your (dusty) room
See for yourself why everybody's buzzing about the psychic war comic …
Our favorite photographs from this year's BBC Camera-trap Photo of the…
Is post-apocalyptic entertainment doomed?
Zack Snyder reveals why they changed Superman's iconic costume for Man…
Misfits Promo Photos
Best of the Week: November 17-23, 2012
These 19th-century diagrams were one man's attempt to illustrate human…
All You Need Is Kill Photos from WENN.com
Clone Wars reveals why kidnapping Jedi isn't such a terrible idea after …
Five-person Voltron cosplay is the best Voltron cosplay
RNA-based vaccine could wipe out the flu forever
Webcomic Gift Ideas for People Who Don't Read Webcomics
Self-filling bottle borrows beetle's trick of harvesting water from the …
Lovely Art Nouveau Portraits of the 1980s' Greatest Fantasy Heroines
All of the Bonus Features from The Dark Knight Rises Blu-Ray We've Seen …
As if mannequins weren't creepy enough already, now some spy on you as…
Researchers have built microscopic pyramids as cages for growing cells
A quirky short musical about a deadly disease that makes its victims…
You can now watch the 1940s Fleischer Studios Superman cartoons online
This naturally occurring flower is made of ice
Cosplaying gentlemen assemble in skimpy versions of male superhero…
Wine pairings for the post-apocalypse: What to drink with rats, dog…
This Chinese house sits in the middle of a brand-new road
As Michelangelo's Adam, a Prometheus Engineer sees the weird-ass face…
At 36 years old, this may be the world's oldest Twinkie
Face-melting illustrations of Poe's terrifying tales from a 1969…
Which Bond villain's scheme had the greatest chance of financial…
A charming short film about a robot actress's screen test by the…
Concept Art Writing Prompt: The most disturbing dish on the…
What if Game of Thrones got a manga adaptation?
R.I.P. Larry Hagman, the Kindest Master an Immortal Superbeing Ever Had
One of the most delightful music videos about space travel you've ever…
Add a smile to your Saturday with this rare video of a polar bear…
Try not to squee, latest Hobbit Video Diary takes you into Goblin Town
Unused Akira concept art reveals white Kaneda
5 Historical Myths About Real Scientific Discoveries
Saturday Webcomic: Rutabaga asks, "What if the Monstrous Manual was a…
Stay Puft Marshmallow Baby is the Ghostbusters' most adorable foe
What happens when all of horror's creepiest kids attend the same…
5 puzzling tales on  Adventure Time  and a home invasion on Ninja…
The emerging science of 'collective intelligence' — and the rise of the…
Hairspray and air conditioners could reveal life on other worlds
The mysterious case of Makemake's missing atmosphere
The mysterious fairy circles of Namibia
Darth Vader continues to be the best father ever in Jeffrey Brown's …
Black Friday Gift Guide
Humanity+ @ San Francisco conference starts next week — and io9 will…
Fan Fiction Friday: Iron Man and Captain America in “Hungry?”
The Complete Guide to Every Single Doctor Who Anniversary Special Ever
The flat-out weirdest piece of anime comedy you will see this year
When there's no more room in hell, the dead will shop the Black Friday…
New photographs reveal that fetuses yawn in the womb
10 supplements you can take today to enhance your intelligence
These beetles are officially the laziest creatures on Earth
Does urinating on your hands eliminate callouses?
Wormholes reveal what was destroying art 500 years ago
Breaking: Red Dwarf’s “science” actually had a little thought put into …
No fandom is safe from the relentless assault of Winnie the Pooh
When chimps have a midlife crisis
Dazzling new art display pays homage to Carl Sagan with 12,000 LEDs of …
Is River Song returning to Doctor Who? Plus BSG alums talk about …
Watch this book-riffling robot read 250 pages in a minute
A Book That Puts Most Fantasy Writers to Shame
Seriously, who wouldn't buy pain medication from these guys?
The Best Black Friday Deals for Science Fiction and Fantasy Schwag
The Time Mormons Baptized Adolf Hitler and Vlad the Impaler
The 1965 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade was fucking terrifying
Best Diet Aid Ever: Science Fiction's Grossest Food Moments
Batman Shampoo and Bane-ana star in the last Dark Knight Rises video…
New implant allows the blind to stream Braille directly onto their…
Should Bollywood director Vikram Bhaat be your new cult icon?
9.2 million year old Rhino skull discovered in volcanic ash
The 20 Best Cliffhangers Ever Shown on Science Fiction or Fantasy TV
Parrots imitate others just so they know who they're talking to
Iron Sky director's new comic movie stars a surly intergalactic bounty…
Historical data reveals that having an older sibling can wreck your…
Australian geologists prove that a South Pacific island does not exist
Education finally gets serious about the undead apocalypse with this…
Scientists invent the perfect odor
Here's China's impossible plan to build the world's tallest building in a …
Everything There is to Know About Doctor Who's Newest Underwater Menace!
American Horror Story Promo Photos
Person of Interest "C.O.D." Photos
Remember that scary undersea "bloop" noise? At last we know what caused…
Utterly Bizarre "Sprouting Potato UFO" Caught on Film in Oregon
Movies to Watch (or Avoid) in Theaters This Weekend
One of the Most Alarming Things Ever to Come out of James Bond
Pulp Science Fiction Under German Totalitarianism
Watch Alfred Hitchcock's earliest surviving film, right now!
Meet Kelvin Doe, the self-taught engineering whiz who creates gadgets…
Could Dark Skies be the first really scary alien abduction movie in…
How modern technologies made the fighting in Gaza even worse
Amazing, Experimental Science Gifts that You Can Make or Buy
Your kids will probably be better people if you take them to see Rise…
The Best Gifts for Action Figure Addicts and Collectors of Collectibles
A children's anime series with rainbow-colored, gut-wrenching lessons…
Is this what students in Louisiana are learning about evolution?
Science Fiction and Fantasy Books That Make Great Holiday Gifts
Video shows how Blood and Chrome recreated BSG sets using "90 percent…
"If It Hadn't Been for Those Kids": Red Dawn, Rebooted
The Walking Dead Episode 3.07 Promo Pictures
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.08 Promo Photos
The twisted, sexy, puppet-filled dreamworld inside Neil Patrick Harris' …
How fungus could help us win the war on bed bugs
Eight people who survived by performing surgery on themselves
The Best Audiobooks to Distract You from Your Family This Weekend
Life of Pi could be the year's second most gorgeous fantasy movie
Your sex life is boring and every animal on Earth is laughing about it
10 Ornaments That Make You Wonder What the Hell Hallmark Was Thinking
Cluster balloonist re-creates the floating house from Up in…
The extremely tentative but potentially triumphant return of Rom:…
Marvel's Cinematic Universe Mega-Set returns — with a new Thor…
Inside the Science of Getting Sauced
When times get tough, algae can steal energy from other plants
Is the writer of The Empire Strikes Back returning for the new Star…
New trailer for Jack the Giant Slayer shows off zany giants and Ewan…
Fringe - Set Photos
Morning Spoilers 11/21
Revolution proves there are worse things than "monster of the week"…
Here are the most futuristic European cities that never existed
Cops Vs. Killer Robots, in the Dazzling First Teaser for the Short…
First Glimpse of the All-New Monster Rampage from The Host 2!
Think twice before using "mankind" to mean "all humanity," say scholars
Syfy launches a giant boxing robot show that wants to be a real-life …
Researchers design a robot to explore the moon's mysterious volcanic…
"The sky swam": A wild new story by World Fantasy Award-winning author…
What did Curiosity discover on Mars? Twitter has some ideas.
Graphic Novels That Even Non-Comics Fans Will Love to Read
The Wire's Cutty is playing one of The Walking Dead's greatest characters
This optical illusion discovered by Aristotle is still a brain-twister
First look at evil goateed Zachary Quinto Spock
Scientists claim to have discovered something "earthshaking" on Mars
Hitler’s forgotten attempt to build the world’s largest Olympic stadium
Every single Hobbit trailer stitched together in chronological order!
The Secret Origins of The Dark Crystal
Forests, fog and light make these long-exposure photographs look like…
21 Pictures that Sum Up the Whole History of Science Fiction
Why is a giant tsunami of foam washing over this bridge in Nairobi?
Is someone on a dolphin-killing rampage?
This week on DVD and Blu-ray: A Tarantino cocktease, unbelievably…
5 gift ideas for the geek at heart
Beware the real-life, 98-foot Fail Whale who terrorizes the skies
Swedish woman charged for sexing herself with human skeletons
This 'grave robbing' mammal outsmarted the dinosaurs by going underground
It's the eye of the tiger in four new clips from Life of Pi (with bonus …
Why Marvel’s upcoming "Age of Ultron" may actually be the event that…
"Heroes of Science" action figures are light on "action," heavy on the…
Astronomers discover a planet so massive it defies classification
Just who will play the new Harry Osborn in Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Supernatural - 8.09 Promo Images
Epic - Promo Images
Morning Spoilers 11/20
Terry Pratchett says his daughter Rhianna will take over the Discworld …
Pedro Almodovar making another science fiction film?
A strange and seductive science fiction series that will be your new…
Paralyzed dogs walk again after nose cell transplants
Gift Ideas for the 8 Major Species Of Science Fiction Fan
After a Nation Rejoices at Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 2, Honest…
Humans can survive the harsh conditions found on Mars, scientists say
Science Fiction and Fantasy DVD Sets That Make Amazing Gifts
A New Translation of The One Russian Science Fiction Novel You…
Guillermo del Toro explains the biggest mistake people make in telling …
Come and watch one of Jon Pertwee's finest Doctor Who stories with us!
No, children are not natural born scientists
Rick joins the world's worst calling plan in The Walking Dead
Rash of robot sightings could be a sign of the impending robopocalypse …
The 10 Books You Absolutely Must Read to Understand the History of…
Watch 8 minutes of the new Red Dawn reboot, right now
Gifts for Fairy Tale Fans
Gifts for Star Trek Fans
Gifts for Game Of Thrones Fans
Gifts for Comic Book Fans
Gifts for Doctor Who Fans
Gifts for Star Wars Fans
Gifts for Apocalypse Fans
Gifts for Hobbit Fans
Mount Doom is about to go boom (for real)
Explore the galaxy using Google's new star map called 100,000 Stars
This Week's TV: An Hour of Television That Might Just Ruin Superheroes…
Official Ender's Game movie synopsis reveals a game will definitely be…
Giant Gandalf statue declares "You Shall Not Pass!" at New Zealand's…
Mars once had water warm enough to sustain life
The brain disorder that makes the world into a bad claymation film
First trailer for Now You See Me asks: What if David Blaine started a…
All hail the world's greatest Agent Coulson action figure, i.e. the…
Rob Bricken joins io9's staff, and even Mr. Potato Head is marginally…
A microscopic organism that eats DNA instead of having sex
In this species of frog, males rear the young... in their mouths
Someone actually sounds like they have a legitimate shot at directing …
Thor 2 Set Photos from WENN.com
Best of the Week: November 10-16, 2012
In a town where horror movie tropes are real, babysitting is serious…
What life looks like inside the world's narrowest house
Retro travel posters for the world's top cryptozoological hot spots
Crowdfund a zombie doc from The People Vs. George Lucas team and more
Slick futuristic anime about the hunt for a legendary food truck is…
American Horror Story 2.06 promo photos
Vampire Diaries "We Always Have Bourbon Street" Promo Photos
Arrow episode 1.08 promo photos
Doctor Who Christmas Special Promo Photos
The young Jedi run off and join the circus on Clone Wars
Haven Episode 3.10 Photos
This would be the Milky Way's most massive star... if not for one tiny…
Tigger is Eleven and Piglet plays a Dalek in this adorable Doctor Pooh …
Breaking Dawn's wolf-filled concept art deserves a better movie
Someone please make this Pac-Man/Labyrinth mash-up game a reality
Holy Motors: These French people are crazy!
So maybe history's craziest astronomer wasn't murdered after all
This adjustable chair let 18th-century women give birth in something…
The Sex Scene With Megan Fox that Explains why Scifi TV Shows Shouldn't …
How we first discovered the difference between XX and XY
SNL reveals what happens when Hawkeye runs out of arrows
Sci-Fi pin-ups smolder in original Star Trek uniforms
Sad: Brad Bird won't be directing Star Wars Episode VII
R-Rated Movies Reimagined as Goofy Children's Cartoons
Concept art reveals that RoboCop's new armor really does look…
Haven travels back in time to the 1950s and meets past-life Audrey
8 glorious buildings shaped like squids and octopodes
Behold the bizarre alien creature that is the human vocal cords
Psychotic robot heads are a girl's worst friend in the techno thriller …
Concept Art Writing Prompt: A Giant Crab Invades the Office Parking Lot
Where abandoned arcade video game cabinets go to die
On Fringe, intelligence directly correlates to evil
An absurdly cheerful music video about all the dumbest ways to die
Despite his own mental illness, Nikola Tesla advocated eugenics for…
A 3-and-a-half-hour video of the world's longest word being read aloud
The Women of Marvel as James Bond Cover Girls
Saturday Webcomic: For Gaia's wizarding students, the real adventure…
Doggy Leeloo might be the greatest Fifth Element cosplay ever
Gotham High is the teen romantic comedy we deserve
General Grievous returns while Finn travels to a post-apocalyptic…
Farewell to Twinkies, America's most futuristic food
Gwenda Bond's Blackwood is in development as an MTV series!
The world's most beautiful gardens are miracles of geoengineering
ABC Cancels Both 666 Park Avenue  and Last Resort
The mysterious disease that kept people from speaking unless spoken to
How materials scientists are about to change the very fabric of the…
Supernatural brings us a new angelic conspiracy
We're not positive, but we're pretty sure this is a magical forest…
Last Resort Week 7: When a dog turns on you, the only thing to do is…
Everything you need to know to catch tonight's Leonid meteor shower
The questionable nutritional value of eating a human placenta
Brand New Doctor Who Christmas Special Minisode and Trailer Reveal a…
8 of the most frustratingly bad media tie-in videogames ever
When does an animal count as a person?
Holy Crap Bryan Fuller's Munsters reboot could have been a hell of a…
This is not an ant
All The Best Shows That Were Cancelled Despite Being Awesome
The final Twilight movie is like a porn film with action figures
Humans were making spears half a million years ago
The Leidenfrost Effect makes water travel uphill!
100 Most Depressing Movie Death Scenes will sink your heart into the…
Germany's new 18-story Tree Top Walk is shaped like a giant egg
This pocket-sized galaxy may be the most distant yet
Why would anyone want to be a good witch? New trailer for Beautiful…
When do gummy bears scream?
Einstein's brain was definitely not like the others, scientists say
Andrew Garfield drops key hints for The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Plus …
Doctor Who - Christmas Special Photos
Morning Spoilers 11/16
The Walking Dead - Promo Photos
Fringe - 5.07 Promo Photos
Picture of the Day: Nov. 15, 2012
American Horror Story rips off the face of Bloody Face
Now you can watch giant panda cub Xiao Liwu sleeping on Pandacam
Thank goodness, Robocop's new suit looks way more formidable
This Furniture Looks Like It Was Made for Aliens
Remembering Neft Dashlari, Stalin’s utopian ocean city made from oil…
First Glimpse of the Smackdown between the Ninth Doctor and Thor
Watch the first trailer for the Alan Moore-scripted movie Jimmy's End
Could there be life in Earth's Stratosphere?
This is a tree. It's also a brain.
About Damn Time: Rick Baker gets a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame
Researchers create a thought controlled robotic avatar
Syfy's next hybrid monster should be Bearantula!
Iron Man concept art shows Tony Stark's gadgets that we never saw
You could own the original sketch that transformed Jack Nicholson into …
What are the worst pseudoscientific myths you ever learned from pop…
This insect has human ears
Oliver Queen fights crime with the power of WASPiness
Tasmanian devils get their own private island, to save them from…
Classic Educational TV Programs that Still Rock Today
The Massive Project to Wipe Out 180 Million Galapagos Island Rats
This dude recreated a scale model of New York City. With LEGO.
15 Best Fashion Moments from James Bond Movies
Listen to Bertrand Russell and F.C. Copleston debate the existence of…
The Myth of the Fake Geek Girl
Jasper Hale spent the first Twilight movie wanting to kill Bella
Prometheus Animatronic Artist's FX reel will haunt your dreams
Grasshoppers evolve a sound that allows them to be heard over traffic
Which species stand to benefit the most from global warming?
First trailer for Mortal Instruments, are half-angel demon hunters the …
Scientists discover millipede with 750 legs that will haunt your…
There's a big difference between hearing and listening. Do you know…
The Joy of Gravitational Lensing, or Why You Are Seeing Five Lights…
Neil Gaiman discusses his plans for the Cybermen on Doctor Who. Plus …
First 9 minutes of Star Trek Into Darkness premieres in theaters one…
The Weirdest Monuments Of The Communist Era That Are Still Standing
Astronomers may have just discovered the first known free-floating…
Watch James Bond's new title sequence from Skyfall right now!
Could this immortal hydra polyp inspire advanced rejuvenation…
Game of Thrones will be back in March!
An Open Letter to the President: US physics education is crap. Let's…
The Most Disturbing Twilight Products OF ALL TIME
Three Parts Dead mixes magic with courtroom drama
A first: An electric car has been awarded Motor Trend’s top prize
Journalists at local FOX station in Denver say they've seen this UFO…
The Truly Terrible Twilight Merchandise
Please God No WHY, Twilight Merchandise
Just how inaccurate were the hacking scenes in Skyfall?
Revolution Promo Photos Episode "Nobody's Fault But Mine"
Jack the Giant Slayer Photos
Behind the Scenes Photos of Fringe
Thor: The Dark World Dark Elf Photos
10 Bizarre Death Rituals from Around the World
Why Do Geeks Like Kinky Sex?
The science of morning wood
Did the Giant from Jack the Giant Slayer steal his look from Andre the …
How a tiny eye implant could save your vision from glaucoma
This is the most accurate American election map we've seen yet
Thousands of Australian students are taught that robots led the…
Bjork's new video for 'Mutual Core' makes geology look downright perverted
Can the Kuleshov Effect really control your perception of other…
Russian babushka slays wolf with axe, bare hands
New trailer for Oz The Great and Powerful has us wondering: is the…
Oxytocin keeps committed men away from attractive women
Meet the two newest members of TV's S.H.I.E.L.D. team!
Revolution "Kashmir" Photos
Morning Spoilers 11/14
The CW is sexifying the 70s British show The Tomorrow People for…
Photos of Soap Bubbles that Look Like Trippy Exoplanets
Bigfoot with a Sword on Mars = Best Comic Book Premise This Month
In the UK? Grow pot? You can help science!
How does Adventure Time blend intense mythology with laugh-out-loud…
The perfect place for you to have a hypochondriac freakout
Heads up: Revolution is becoming a seriously entertaining show
The U.S. will become energy independent by 2035 — but at what cost?
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Books You Can't Afford to Miss in…
What did Damon Lindelof add to Prometheus? The Biggest Differences…
YOU WILL NOT GO TO SPACE TODAY
The chemical that links soap bubbles to explosions
This is a real skull from a real animal and it may just be the most…
Are humans getting dumber?
These clips from Rise of the Guardians are actually kind of cute!
Today's is the last total solar eclipse until 2015 — here's how to watch
9 Reasons to be Grateful for Twilight
Oliver Sacks talks hallucinations, dropping acid — and the time he was …
The Iron Cyberman is the best (fake) cosplay mashup of 2012
What happens to women denied abortions? This is the first scientific…
The eyeball in this guy's sink is one of the best optical illusions…
First trailer for The Host is sexy Body Snatchers
Tim Flach's intimate animal portraits reveal nature's human side
Is horny goat weed extract really a sexual stimulant?
Surviving a plane crash is more common than you probably realize
Man in coma uses his thoughts to tell doctors, 'I'm not in pain'
The Craziest Star Wars: Episode VII Rumor Yet!
All The Most Befuddling Quotes From Last Night's Once Upon A Time
Thor: The Dark World - Set Photos
Supernatural - Set Photos
The Walking Dead - 3.06 Promo Photos
Once Upon a Time - 2.08 Promo Photos
Doctor Who - Cybermen Photos
Oz the Great and Powerful - Promo Photos
Solving the ancient mystery of what destroyed the bats of the Caribbean
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine was literally darker than TNG
Here is the end credits tune for The Hobbit that will most likely make …
The fascinating and weird memoirs of a Soviet rocketeer
Are satellite orbits being compromised by global warming?
The amazing time-travel cop show Continuum coming to Syfy in January
Researchers remove extra chromosome from Down’s syndrome cells. Could…
Why doesn't Syfy have a show like Battlestar Galactica any more?
Learn the ABC's of each death from Game of Thrones, drawn Edward…
Red Rain, the New R. L. Stine Novel For Adults
An Incredible Gallery of Buildings that Look Like Rocket Ships
Slow motion egg annihilation is the best kind of egg annihilation
An Anthology About The People Who Actually Keep Your Space Station…
How (and why) animals change color with the seasons
Hey everybody, let's spend the rest of the day watching live HD footage …
Stare into the eyes of the flying monkeys from Oz: The Great and…
20 Essential Books About the Next Step in Human Evolution
Futurist Magazine unveils its predictions for 2013 and beyond
Could The Europa Report be the space horror film we've been waiting for?
Do science fiction writers have "expertise" on future developments in…
Ten bets you'll (almost) never lose
Read the original script for Prometheus right now
The Firefly Episode We're Really Glad Joss Whedon Didn't Get to Make
This Week's TV: Carrie Fisher is the Ghost of Christmas WTF. Plus how…
Weeping Angel Barbie is waiting for Ken to Blink
Scientists call their discovery a 'perfect' invisibility cloak
These diseases can be diagnosed by smell
Franklin Delano Roosevelt probably didn't have polio after all
This new artificial limb is powered by rocket fuel
First Photos of Doctor Who's Returning Villains! Plus Major Iron Man 3…
Best of the Week: November 3-9, 2012
Oodles and oodles of behind-the-scenes and concept images from The…
Fake William Gibson tweets authentically clever Gibson-inspired book…
The littlest Browncoats play at being Firefly's Big Damn Heroes
Segments from 22 James Bond films cut together to form a single Bond…
Clone Wars and David Tennant reveal what Jedi training has in common…
Beauty and the Beast Episode 1.07
Kicks-Ass 2 Hit Girl
Supernatural Episode 8.08 Photos
Meet the carnivorous sponge that traps its prey and grows sperm on…
New Cybermen
Arrow 1.07 Photos
Does Brad Bird's mysterious new science fiction movie star George…
The Hobbit photos of wargs
Grimm episode 2.12 photos
The sumo science myth that James Bond started
Haven episode 3.09 Photos
666 Park Avenue Episode 1.08 Photos
David Cronenberg's rarely seen 1972 short film about a scientist…
Tokyo's 3D printing photobooth lets you turn yourself into an action…
Vintage Art Deco cigarette cards celebrate your great-grandparents'…
Watch a haunting time-lapse video of cars driving through blacked out…
Each episode of Buffy, recapped as a limerick
2001: A Space Odyssey recreated in bread and chocolate
Just in time for Veterans Day, the sweetest "Luke, I am your father"…
Who would win in a fight between Tolkien characters and Game of…
Children who suck their thumbs get a terrifying visitor in the short…
The Magic School Bus grows up and goes on one last field trip—to Hell
Haven trades resurrection for one major death
What you won't see in the Lincoln biopic: Lego Honest Abe riding a…
What Ridley Scott's I Am Legend vampires would have looked like
Concept Art Writing Prompt: Robots in the Oval Office
Steampunk Spy-Fi: Real-life gadgets perfect for a Victorian Era James…
With this Droid, I thee wed: an R2-D2 engagement ring
Fringe is the story of a family doomed to tragedy
Dog space suits for the earliest canine cosmonauts
Raccoon laborers and plants designed for climate change: Charles…
Saturday Webcomic: What happens when a supervillain's sidekick is more…
The sweetest model of Minas Tirith is made of cake and icing
The crazy canine Firefly episode Alan Tudyk pitched to the writers
Cameos galore on the series finale of Avengers and Doctor Who's David…
Person of Interest got all sappy, and I liked it
It's official: Toy Story 3 writer will pen Star Wars: Episode VII!
It's true — CIA operatives are secretly running your life
Further Evidence That IQ Does Not Measure Intelligence
Why do mosquitoes bite some people and not others?
Last Resort does "The Naked Time," and it's pretty great
Lightspeed Presents: "Searching for Slave Leia," by Sandra McDonald
The Most Adorable Zombie Ever: Check out the first Warm Bodies trailer!
It's Carl Sagan's birthday! Time to party like the starstuff that we are.
Guillermo del Toro is in talks for a Justice League Dark movie!
Who Was the Very Best James Bond Ever?
Behold, a spaceman super-sculpture. Can you guess what it's made of?
Why have people stopped committing suicide with gas?
Alternate history maps of the US presidential election
Citadel is the smart indie horror movie you've been waiting for
Watch flesh-eating beetles devour a parrot... for science
Pentagon To Replace Mine-Clearing Dolphins With Robots
Does wealth create peanut allergies?
Why does the crocodile have spots?
First Glimpse of Tom Cruise Battling the Relentless Alien Invaders in …
First two episodes of Battlestar Galactica: Blood and Chrome are a…
10 Ways Geoengineering Could Save the World
Chemistry can induce "virgin birth" in animals
Skyfall unquestionably belongs to Dame Judi Dench
Fairy-wren chicks taught secret passwords to thwart dickish cuckoo…
An unreal photo taken by a 'Doctor Who camera'
Shut it down. This sofa-bounding tiger cub is the best thing you'll see …
The year's best wildlife photos show nature at its cruelest — and most…
When mentos and coke are crossed with dominos
The Biggest Myth About Polar Bear Fur (And the Weirdest Truth)
Introducing "The Nine Circles of Scientific Hell" — a real figure in a…
Will 2040 be the year of the allergy apocalypse?
Check out Xenoceratops, the newly identified dinosaur with an ‘alien…
Could J.K. Simmons play J. Jonah Jameson in Amazing Spider-Man 2? Plus …
Walking Dead photos
It turns out that Missouri is the land of unresolved issues on…
Oh, this? Just some teenage girls from Africa who invented a…
This spectacular proposed South Korean super-city will cost $275…
On Arrow the villain we've been waiting for arrives
1500-year-old English skeleton was "ritually staked" with iron nails
New World War Z trailer looks like 2012 with zombies
What destroyed the Maya? We have a new clue, in the form of an ancient …
How the Citadel director's real-life agoraphobia turned into a horror…
American Horror Story Episode 2.05 Photos
Is this the new writer for Star Wars: Episode VII?
Vampire Diaries Episode 4.7
Gelatin made with human DNA will make snacks safer
Why haven't the Wombles conquered America?
The Very Best of the Disney/Star Wars Mash-Up Art
An Unexpected Journey pPosters
Person of Interest Episode 2.07 “Critical”  Photos
Fringe Episode 5.06 “Through the Looking Glass and What Walter Found…