The Bus Knight
I live in the same valley as Adam West. I decided to look him up in the phone book today.
After searching FB for people with the same name as me, I'd replicate their profile pic, make it my own and send them a friend request. Here are the pics
Babe caught me slippin'.
I hate my job...
When I found out I could upvote by pressing 'A'
So my little cousin posted on FB that he was bored and gave everyone his new phone number... (pic)
Mom was worried about my trip to the Grand Canyon, I sent her this picture.
You won't escape an awkward situation by ripping off this label.
Two Redditors in Duluth, MN accidently photograph each other...
So I walked into the kitchen at 5:30am and saw this in the sink... This is not my cat..
I know it's not about cats, but the Oatmeal strikes again.
A serious issue.
We went parasailing yesterday and asked someone on the boat to take photos of us. We found this on our camera.
Walked in on my son watching TV like this. Freaked me out for a second.
The best thing about living in Switzerland
Best absence note ever. For 5th grader Tyler Sullivan of Rochester, whose dad Ryan introduced Obama at Honeywell.
I'm sorry pinata bro
So true
Advertisements for my local Science Museum
I asked the lotto what is the minimum winning amount needed to get your picture taken
I had to make an advertisement for my photoshop class. I hope reddit enjoys!
Blue screen of death.
Goddammit Mr.Noodle!
The Best Film Synopsis Ever
Went to this restaurant today. I appreciated their honesty..
A guy right outside my office.  He isn't aware the reflective glass is see-through from our side...
So they installed a new coffee machine at work and before anyone could use it, I placed this sign on it...best three hours of my life (I have the office right in front of the break room).
What's wrong with you!
Spontaneous Wingman of the Year [fb]
Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today
Hey, Shitty_Watercolor made it to CNN!
A friend and I took care of a graffitied swastika in our town the only way we knew how.
Sorry if this is a repost, saw it in the gym today and it made me laugh
Oh no, it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!
Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012
My mom ordered a graduation cake with a cap drawn on. I guess they misheard.
A friend of mine has a motion camera in his backyard. Also, a plastic deer for bow target practice. He found this on the cameras a while back.
I mean, whatever's comfortable...
So THAT'S how USB plugs work.
Someone told me that if you slow down Nicki Minaj songs, she sounds like a gay version of Jay-Z. So I tried it and it's TOTALLY TRUE. REDDIT, I GIVE YOU MY LUNCHTIME PROJECT: NICHOLAS MINJAY-Z (now taking requests)
Police and rioters come together to help fat man out of trousers
This pretty much sums up my relationship with the motion sensor light in the bathroom at work
Awkward
I see your whiteboard drawings and raise you "Freezer Friday"
Had a girl over for the first time in the new place. It begins...
This McDonalds app is a lifesaver
Juuuuust passing through.
Little kids ask me every day if he is real.
WELL ALRIGHT SIR HOW ARE YOU DOING? FANTASTIC. GOOD DAY.
The force is strong with this one...
Comedian Kurt Braunohler hired a sky writer to do this over LA
They told me to photoshop him into our championship picture since he couldn't be there, so I did.
Tony Hawk on skating with his daughter.
We laughed the entire time we ordered.
The Simpsons can be dark sometimes
Ready fight! !!!
My mom never understood why I was afraid of our deer painting in the bathroom as a kid. I thought its foot was the bottom jaw.
Found Nicolas Cage in a Mexican history textbook
She was waiting in line for 5 minutes.
What I'll miss most about my iOS6 phone setup.
Balanced an egg on its end. Daughter was really impressed
My aunt asked my uncle to put some corn down for the deer...
An Alec Baldwin run-in with paparazzi told in 3 pictures
Myspace Tom gives a well deserved response
The real reason I refuse to leave Korea, no matter what
I tricked my college Speech 101 class into thinking I had a mexican accent for 4 months.
They said doing the 100 foot slip and slide that had a massive ramp at the end in front of hundreds of people would be fine.
The IRS is made of people
Baldwin of Justice slams down yet another criminal
Who are we!
Before my dad passed away in 2012, he enjoyed brining people to our basement just to tell them to duck
One guy on Yelp ...
My secret Santa really outdid himself this year.
Sharing is caring
I dare you to hit someone with all three of these in one day
Taco Bell on 420
As a man never have I ever been so eager to get my cleaning done
My experience while my friend was teaching me how to change the oil in my car
Cafeteria ninja
Seth Rogen gets it right.
You're an Asshole
20 Years of Shame
Mom got her first windowed oven.
Look who just won the fucking lottery
Dory speaking whale
If The Purge ever becomes real, I'm posting with my old navy family.
Canada had a rough childhood [x-post from /r/polandball]
My gf slept over last night. She just sent me this with the subject 'soon'
I guess I'll never get math
Lowrider in Florida.. driving not so low.
My fish died when I wasn't home. Asked my cousin to give him a proper flushing. She sent me this.
Soon
This is by my gym's bathrooms.
As a teacher doing the mandatory fire safety training during orientation, this crept up into my head during the lecture.
Too lazy to turn
Cosby on entitlement
Reading against a giant teddy bear. He didn't know why I could not stop laughing.
An expert in Koala Bears
This was left in Argos. Words cannot describe.
Central Line to Jurassic Park
My American friend made us a cake for Canada Day. . . . Thanks buddy.
I think there's something my neighbors aren't telling me
I was walking through London and I came across this bench.
Only when playing Scrabble with Mum
Dear god call an exorcist!
Moved to Japan... met my neighbor.
Please design a logo for me. With pie charts. 
For free.
Now vs. Then
Came into work today to find this on the printer.
Poor Dr. Hedgehog.
Samuel L. Jackson on father's day
Adult picture
...this is why my girlfriend doesn't try to talk to me about dogs anymore. :(
This just popped up on my Facebook feed... I guess it was only a matter of time.
Jim Carrey is an inspiration
Why I love Gordon Ramsay
Found at my parents. Should I laugh or cry? [OC]
How dads shop in Hollister
This is what my grandparents have started putting on their front door lately.
My favorite Hulk
So, my wife wore a heart rate monitor and GPS watch during Sex. 0.15 miles, new record.
My dog is a fuckin' creep.
Epic cake maneuver!
I'm pretty sure those are called Pictionary and Scrabble.
My brother and i take a christmas picture every year with our cats.. this was this years
How to tell with Google Maps where the rich people live.
So yesterday the copy manager where I work emailed everyone asking about calendar orders for 2013. I emailed her back saying I needed one of cats doing karate. Found this in my chair this morning...
This wouldn't do much good in an actual fire (OC)
Satellite Interview? Totally Necessary, Nancy!
So my friend was levitated by Shaq today... [FB]
What I love about my parents is that after 41 years of marriage, they still know how to embarrass their kids.
There's nothing better.
Saw the Hitler Kettle at JCPenney! In a glass case none the less.
My mom said they need to learn how to get along...
Medical advances.
Screw you grocery store! I won't fall for that
If you want...
Moving back with parent soon and this about sums it up
Sorry White House, This is the internet. (ALBUM)
Alfred really does not get the recognition he deserves.
Saw this at my job. I'm genuinely afraid to open it.
Go ahead... You can make it
No you guys, THIS is the funniest fucking Star Wars pic EVER!!
The Czech Republic.
When pub staff T-shirts go wrong.
Deprived cat loves the sun.
...I accept nothing.
Just my mom hanging out with some friends she made in London.
How our pay-what-you-want holiday pack did, and how we spent the money [INFOGRAPHIC]
I'm just gonna jog across the street while the light OOOOOHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!
the best kind of error
Penguin ambassadors deal with the stairs
Roommate got tired of our shit
Reddit trying to solve the Boston Bombing case
I dont see why my sister even brings her friends over...
This is how TheOatmeal responds to FunnyJunk threatening to file a federal lawsuit unless they are paid $20,000 in damages
Life of Pi: The No Budget Version
Queue: Thai level.
Pulled up the carpet at the house, and guess what I found!
So I was waiting for the subway, when I noticed we are not alone
All I could think of when I saw the picture of Lysefjorden, Norway
Who needs normal family pictures when you have this?
Was looking at the bill from my Chinese dinner and found this. It's worth mentioning I have a severe seafood allergy.
homeboy don't care
Found this lil guy on my way to school. He looked very happy!
I have seen many 'Soon' pictures, but this has to be the ultimate 'Soon' gif.
Fuckin Flynn
Thank you, Ken M.
My friend sent me this from a sex shop
So it happened again!
Saw this hanging in a Mexican restaurant
A bus driver with a sense of humour? Rail replacement bus service in Glasgow.
Three days ago, my suitemates made a poster saying "u guys suck" and posted it to our window at the construction workers that have been waking us up at 3 in the morning since August. This was their response today:
Name plate on my boss's desk
We were all willing to cut our hours just to hire this guy
This reminded me of how Reddit works
My life in a nutshell
Fellowship of the Lamp...
Asian People Problems
This guy's chest looks like a girl's ass...
13 year old said he wanted a "generic birthday". This is what his dad put together.
About to watch some porn when an annoying live cam popup comes along. Aaaaand she's painting.
My roommates to do list on his white board
Ditched Time Warner Cable for Google Fiber. Got an email asking me to come back, so I sent them this picture.
Ugh huh huh hey beavis...
My brother got his PhD and this is what he is proud of.
Reached for a Pepsi, almost lost me a finger.
Speaking of shows that need to make a comeback.
When life hands you lemons... become a flamingo.
My friend went as a man trying to walk through a hurricane for Halloween (No wind involved)
North Korea's New Super Ultimate Supreme Camoflage
Meanwhile at Rockstar... (FIXED)
So my idea for a reddit shirt got rejected...NSFW
Thank you Mother Nature.
Someone jokes about the Smart Car on Twitter, they respond in the best way possible
Finally made myself a fancy Facebook cover.
This is Norman Tebbut
My Friends Sister Got This At a Jump Rope Camp. It's Supposed to Say Rope.
Dads of Reddit this is how you make your daughter a quick ponytail
Ordered a drink from the Chinese restaurant, got this on top.
The neighbors cat stopped by on Saturday morning...
Regarding sexism, Batman is spot on
Then, there's Denny [Pic]
My friend got separated from our group in Vegas one night. He managed to make it back to our room. In the morning he was passed out holding his phone. I turned it on and this picture popped up.
My brother took this photo at the zoo, I present, Success Gorilla
WTF, AP?
Subtle NOAA
This pretty much sums up almost every conversation I have with my mum.
If I win tonight's MegaMillion's jackpot...
Emotional Scars
How to make a cute dress out of shorts
Bizzaro does it again.
My friend who is a gardener sends me photos of himself at work
Virgin America is officially my favorite.
I coached a summer basketball camp where we had a Free Dress Day, one kid clearly took full advantage of it...
Just some kids fooling around...
I work in a mall that started playing Christmas music on Nov. 1st. The lady who runs the cookie place made this in protest.
Always try to be an optimist, like this goose here.
Miracle Whip sent this letter to Stephen Colbert after he made fun of their mayo on his show. Well played, Miracle Whip. Well played.
Everyone likes a good bread pun
A pretty true sign in my local tattoo shop.
Life of a Whale Biologist
Maybe NASA should broadcast the Olympics.
So, turns out my friend is THAT teacher... [FB]
My mom didn't know it was picture day, but my little sister did...
Perspective is everything
Musician witnesses United Airlines baggage handlers throwing his guitar. Guitar is wrecked. United won't help. Singer writes a song and makes a video "United Breaks Guitars."
They won't stop!
“Sometimes I wish I was Loki...”
Paint truck breaks long standing speed record - hits 88 MPH.
At Disneyland, this is the exact point where miracles happen...
Thanks Nordstrom, really needed new demonic creatures in my dreams.
Why did you become a cop?
If you know what I mean
Just Bond being Bond
Best technique ever existed
Check out the dude in the background getting a man-beard petting.
Which one of you goes to NYU?
This year thousands of men will die from stubbornness
The "Bandit Plate" - best kids food!
My new favorite sports fan...
Roll credits
They weren't kidding either
My friend is a teacher, and she keeps a "tattle box" in her classroom where the kids can submit their "tattle tales". She went through some today.
Drunk. Got the dominos guy to buy me McDonalds in the special instructions section
Hi, Reddit! A few months ago you asked me to draw more animated NYC tips for newcomers. Here is SERIES 2. (also... how my life changed thanks to Reddit)
I caught the construction crew playing tetris
Definition... done right!
How to report the News
14 out of 14 people found this review helpful (PIC)
The calm before the storm
Best way to deal with a dent
Unexpected trail turn.
my friend's yearbook has a drug deal happening in it
Photo taken outside Children's Hospital in Los Angeles. Smart kid.
Apparently this just went to live TV in SF. Anchor read it with conviction.
Jackpot at work is growing
There are two types of nerds
Back when chatroulette wasn't as creepy as it is now, I found my twin while chatting.
Reddit, today I spent the entire day with a melted Milk Dud on the back of my pants,
at what point did you realize you'll have to start a new life somewhere else? (Pic)
Shout out to the best landlords ever [FB]
I actually read the "Terms and Conditions" on The Chive, and found this.
One year ago today I was stabbed and nearly died.  I woke up in the hospital a few days later to find this.
I'm a BCT Drill Sergeant. I told my soldiers to write me a paragraph or two about why they joined the Army. I got this in my stack of papers. Really, private?
Difference between Science and Screwing around
This must be a terrible show
Thieves hit our store last night. This is how they circumvented the door alarm...
Using AOL as your search engine
Fuck you, Im Batman.
Lenin the hustler
Listen to Obama call Kanye a Jackass, it'll make you smile.
I see why the mustache was added.
I made an Obama poster and wanted to share it with you reddit
I recently learned how to crosspoint, so I decided to make a present for my boyfriend.
A message we can all take to heart
In response to Red Bull Stratos, Slim Jim has sponsored the shortest freefall of all time (x-post from r/gifs)
As much as I hate to say it, pretty damn accurate 4chan...
Advertising at its finest!
I don't understand how this happens every time...
Dogs imitate crawling baby
Pornhub's most popular search terms by state
It's the small things in life.
Hi, Reddit! After living in NYC for 4 years, I decided to start drawing an animated guide for newcomers to the city. Here is the first series.
a Lannister always walks his pets
Reminds me of drunken girls trying to pose for a picture...
Just noticed this inside the zipper of my new pants
Nostradamus on Psy
Men In The Baby Food Department
tough guy huh? well I'll show you
Kim-Jong Un Graffiti found in Ireland
You had one job, little girl.
This hotel pays attention to your special requests.
Probably my favourite subtle scene from The Naked Gun
I gotta pay fines and stuff
A milestone in comedy.
They start young.
I sat down. Come on.
At The Last Minute My Son Told Me It Was Crazy Hat Day At School
One of these things is not like the others...
Brilliant.
Simple yet brilliant
To be fair, that does beat laser tag.
Well... shit.
The news, here in Australia
My college writes me every year to ask if I've achieved anything. After 15 years, I've finally made it into the newsletter!
I used to love this as a kid
Flat tire in Alaska
'Merican Vets ain't scared
So yesterday in Boston my friend got photobombed by Kevin Spacey out jogging.
Neil deGrasse Tyson on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart
We were at a cotton farm this weekend. This pretty much sums it up.
Whiteboard Drawings
Parking: nailed it.
Jerk Chicken
Wise words, Andre.
My sister has friends over.
My dad didn't bother reading the card before he bought it
Someone rolled a GIANT snowball into the streets of madison
Anderson Cooper is never too busy to dish out a good burn
No cameras allowed at The British open? No problem for this dude, and his very inconspicuous pink camera.
You guys see the cat run past here?
Lord have mercy
So I tried to order groceries online
Ghost copter
I like to make sure people are confused when they wake up in my apartment. (thats the encyclopedia of physics)
Saw this guy just casually pumping his gas.
Monopoly is an Old Game
This is all I could think about during my final exam...
So this hot air balloon took off over my city today...
My dad just moved to Tokyo.  I asked for a picture of the view from his apartment...
Chris Hadfield was recently crowned King of Space in Kazakhstan
My girlfriend and her sister wanted to look casual on the roller coaster. Totally understand why they paid $10 for this pic
Dad set up a beer &amp; wing station for parents
Lanyard caught on the handle and my keys swung inside the door as I closed it. Stupidest way to lock yourself out?
Jonathan Coulton on Megaupload being shut down
Overly Manly Man Goes to the Bar
All this technology is making us antisocial
Pure Joy
Look everyone, I won! I won! I won!
God damn it, Norman!
Hey. HEY. HEY! Ohhhhh…
Kulula Airlines Doesn't take themselves very seriously....
But it was worth it...
Damn moose eating my pumpkin
April O'Neil Cosplay
My friend applied for a job at a pet store and put this in his application...
Martin Freeman's reaction upon hearing "Downton Abbey" won best series over his show "Sherlock" at the National Television Awards
Saw this guy making an illegal uturn on my way home today
friend made some custards. they were supposed to be smiley faces...
Chapelle's Show predicts the future!
My friend met Tom Hanks, stole his glasses and pretended to be wasted
Wish I could have gotten a valentine like this...
Fuck the police
JUST FOUND: The lost son of Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell
In response to Women Struggling to Drink Water
I'm bad at titles, but I noticed this on the bottom of my beer can.
Grover (from Sesame Street) spoofs the Old Spice Guy
As a 6'2" girl, this is my biggest rage.
New Rule: Use your phone! or something.
It's my boyfriend's birthday today. This is card he received from his work colleagues...
This is one smart dog.
sweet old lady selling baked goods at the Pittsburgh comicon
Sad bear popped a hole in my friend's pool :(
It's so much better than the cone of shame
My husband's grandma. The resemblance is uncanny.
I got a kick out of my friends dad making fun of him on Facebook
Pinterest account posts pictures of Taylor Swift overlayed with Taylor quotes, teenagers love them. Quotes were actually said by Hitler.
I always try to slip one of these to our waitress when going out to eat with the in-laws
My dad has a good sense of humour
Regarding the sidebar [fixed]
This guy at the bank made my day
To the point advertising in Thailand
Back to the Future - Makeup aging them 30 years vs. actually aging 30 years
I guess that settles that argument
The hare doesn't stand a chance now!
Un-friendzoned [FB] [Fixed]
So, I watching the news this morning..
Quick, take the shot before -- (sigh) damnit.
While you guys in America are celebrating your mothers mine sends me this.
A heartwarming story from my childhood.
Drove like that for about 2 miles so that car couldn't pass him
A friend was taking a photo as a train went past and someone decided to get in on the action
Arnold Schwarzenegger just posted this on facebook
Hitler finally loses his patience with reddit memes
So a friend of mine has a problem with slugs. I think he is doing it right.
I started chatting with a local police officer today, and asked him what I could do to let my parents know I was having a good time at my first day of college. He suggested taking this photo.
Cartoon logic compilation
Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche [pic]
Big respect for all the single dads and dads who choose adoption today!
New job required a photo of myself in a suit for their website. I don't own a suit.
Good on you Jim.
How to tell if your dog is involved in a sex scandal (SFW)
I've worked for the post office for two years. This is a first.
The average informercial
Whoever thought of this deserves a raise.
Interception!!! [GIF]
Transformers: Revenge of the fallen.
I'm not saying they won't do this
I paid off my student loans yesterday! Here I am out celebrating [FIXED]
My parent's 18th birthday cake to me...
My sister's on a date. She sent me this from his bathroom.
I've been overseas for two months. I came back yesterday and discovered that my house-mates have 'renovated' my bedroom...
I bring you Colonel Meow!
We had a gingerbread competition at work, this is my favorite entry
Patrick Stewart: Actor
OMG i look so ugly in this picture, hair is a mess, no make up on, i hate my boobs and my ass :(
What are the odds?
Hit the gas!
Limerick Larry, the greatest commenter in Pornhub history [NSFW?]
So I was wondering why the range from my Bluetooth dongle was terrible..
Thanks to the credits of Naked Gun 2 1/2, I finally know what a Grip does.
Ikea Monkey Explanation
Found in a box of elementary school projects
LEEEEROOOOOYYYYY MMJENNNKINS!
Mondays
Pretty sure this is some sort of astronomical phenomenon
Why the Mantis Shrimp is pretty damn awesome
Touché Target!  Happy Whatever..
Google 2012
Found this in my grandfather's basement after he passed away...would have loved to hear this story!
Team work!
I've been waiting years for this typo to appear.
I think I have lurked long enough
I won't have my daughter bringing a black man into this house...
What ball?
Dedication page of 'introduction to algebraic topology'
Always good to have humor in dire situations...
Demonic Colonel Sanders
How I pictured Louis C.K. during his AmA.
So here's the police report in my town's newspaper
Debating the UK 'porn law' can sully your name
Good guy reporter
Nope.
cooking shows
Well, fuck
Found on the flash-drive attached to someones lost keys. [x-post from r/WhatsInThisThing]
Neil deGrasse Tyson is serving jury duty this week
Misspelled "dual monitors" chatting to my uncle last night. Today he sent me this.
So my wife came up to me and said, "Take off my shirt."
My mom is at a hotel and found this note in her robe.
Facebook should just replace their Android app with this picture - it would be smaller and nobody would notice a thing
James' face
Saddest name for a butter substitute
This is in the women's restroom at the Purple Cow Restaurant in Freeport, Tx. If you lift the little white door, a loud buzzer goes off throughout the entire restaurant, forcing you to do the walk of perverted shame, out of the restroom.
Best business card ever.
Meanwhile, at last night's Philadelphia Flyers game...
My best friend got married yesterday, his sister held on to this for 20 years just for his wedding day.
You won't look fat they said
Always thought this blanket was stupid until my girlfriend's dog laid down in just the right spot
Starting to wonder, "did I harvest my pumpkin too soon?"
My UPS man knows how to do lunch right
My wife and I do not lead a very exciting life.
angel bully
A friend of mine won a Dwight Schrute look-alike contest a while back.
My dog was very distressed about this.
Swedish cops goes above and beyond the call of duty to give this guy a parking ticket
ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOPHONE
Meanwhile, in Norway
I'm done.
How the University of Minnesota golden gophers distract opposing kickers
Well, that sums up Youtube
Kind of puts things in perspective...
Why I hate applying for jobs.
Morgan Freeman tests the new "Google Eyelids"
My wife believes she is a better driver, I let our dog decide
University professor reading his own teaching reviews to the class.
For school, I was assigned to make the worst floor plan for a house possible. I got an A.
How can I get this man's job?
Historian problems...
Looking at pictures on Reddit
Dog attacks TV for baseball
Bill Gates just updated his AMA with this picture..
Whoever put this up in the airport, fuck you.
Someone at the library wasn't happy
Sweep the air
So I saw this gentleman at the apple store yesterday...
My buddy's Facebook timeline cover photos the last couple of months...
the moment he realized he was now the middle child
I was browsing for directions on google maps when suddenly...
The only logical thing to do when you've been caught picking your nose on national TV...
My mom is in her 8th week of chemo. This is her Halloween costume.
Someone really didn't think this out at the JFK memorial. (X-post from r/dallas]
The best show to watch at 4am.
Why am I judging this poor bastard?
Looks like a normal spoon, right?
Damn you, George Harrison!!
Jessica Biel's onto us
My wife didn't appreciate my fridge magnet poem.
Found in my school's physics building:
Just act like nothing happpened...
Only happens once in a full moon, too.
Guitar Lessons
Another brilliant PBS ad.
How I got banned from /r/amiugly and /r/amisexy
Well...that was convenient.
Having a cone collar fitted at the vet was bad enough, then my dog had to come home to the cat.
While my office mate was on vacation, I thought I'd plant him a garden.
My neighbor has a turbine with a bad bearing...it's obnoxiously loud...He went to go check it out because it's been real quiet lately...
I work at a zoo, and today a 500lb tortoise tried to escape.
When you order online, Domino's tells you the name of your delivery driver.
Every morning of my life
So, a storm hit Tulsa a couple of days ago and there's still power outages...
My favorite Instagram user
My friend, living in Berlin, got an email from a man in Missouri saying that he dressed up as him for Halloween. He has no idea who this man is.
While everyone was talking about Miley's ass, all I could see was this
Jim Gaffigan near perfectly predicts the future of food.
This is how they keep my dog from freaking out at the groomer.
We all know this feeling (saddest gif in existence)
I believe I may have angered the Hulu.
Choose your own adventure!
Told my class I was being observed today and not to be tardy. A student walked in late and handed me this.
This was slid under my door this morning... best neighbor ever? i love people again.
Behold! The majestic stone guardians of the canadian parliament
I fear a late night project will be announced at work today..
Rocks
They just don't make it like they used to
Found at my local YMCA. Some anonymous donor paid at least $10,000 for this privilege.
My local 7-11 has a new policy...frankly I think it's a little ridiculous
Genius S.W.A.T team
When my dog decided to sit on my cat
I wish this was my life.. (fb)
Reddit (in regards to the Boston bombing) according to Taiwanese news.
The lovely moment where you shatter your Iphone and there's two touching penis's on the back.
I got banned from a website for distorting time with my mouse. [Pic]
You need Jesus
Aww, there's a girl proposing to a guy in the bathroom!
Haha.....oh.
Why does this keep happening?
My friend goes to a school that doesn't allow the opposite sex in their respective dorms, so this is movie night...
Well, they do say art is anything you can get away with.
A while back, we tried to take family photos at the beach. The results were...........unexpected.
Yearbook photos should be in color
A friend of mine went in for a school photo, and it focused in on his shirt.
Turns out our sophomores are the dumbest people in the entire universe.
Saturday Night Boredom
Alice and Dorothy bonding
So I ended up on the local news this weekend...no regrets.
So my Netflix decided to buffer during Futurama....
Funniest one of these I have seen.
Cat sends urgent fax
Daredevil Halloween Candy Heist- caught red-handed
Cards Against Humanity is really going all out with their Black Friday sale!
Cops pull over and ticket 26 bicyclists at once for running a stop sign.
Clever advertisement for a Zoo.
This baby owl hit our window. Gave us this look the whole time
Nice try USA, you almost pulled it off
The moment George Takai became gay.
Gymnastics... Like a boss (x-post /r/gifs)
Selena paying tribute to Miley at the premiere of Getaway yesterday
UPS couldn't find my house so they sent me a notice to let me know.. at my house.
If this isn't their next album cover, they're doing it wrong...
Ed O'Neill has been reading about himself reading the same newspaper for 20 years.
My farmer friend just posted this to Facebook.
How to cut a pizza
A bully called my friends and I "The fruit basket." We were inspired. Here are our uniforms for our school's dodgeball tournament.
Things Chris Hadfield showed us about Space
I wonder how many times that mistake was made
The international symbol for "maybe I'll make two sandwiches, not sure just yet"
In response to a particularly stupid question, my professor ripped off his shirt in the middle of lecture
My doctor said: "You kinda look like that guy on the wall over there!"...
He was due for a promotion.
just smile and wave boys, smile and wave.
A Praguematic approach to business
To avoid perpetuating gender stereotypes, I gave my daughter a mix of dolls and toy cars to play with.  This is what happened.
Conan telling it how it is.
My dad died a few weeks ago and I was going through some old pictures of him when I noticed something about him and his favorite TV character..
Um... Thanks?
I should be there in 15 minutes...no wait...
Today a miracle occurred at IKEA
This is my today's newspaper
I guess they haven't unlocked this character yet...
Simpsons did it. Ferrets sold as dogs.
That awkward moment when you take fashion advice from the public trains.
My two friends (who are dating) decided to get a place together. The girl and I left to buy some things for the bathroom and we came back to this...
Windows Phone Test
Someone should teach Jack Lew cursive. This abomination of a signature is about to grace every dollar bill.
Hard to believe that for one second, The X-Files was more realistic than CSI.
What the duck is going on here
iPope Location Services - OFF!
meanwhile in Venice
So, we'll fire up the fog machine and then we'll all run out of the fog onto the field.  It'll look so cool!
Colbert on U.S. relations with the rest of the world
Ancient Aliens guy
Saw this in the photo section at Walmart.
thanks so much comcast for both the help and for using protection
I googled 'Canada GIF'
Wrote a book 7 years ago. Still get quarterly royalty checks.
How I picture reddit meetups
One of my friends goats enjoys to jump on top of things. This is a daily occurrence.
Congratulations!
You might be a hipster, but you'll never be a hipster spinning thread a a BMW Service waiting room...
I was watching The Avengers on my laptop at the airport...this was happening behind me.
CSI: Modern computer technology at its best.
My professor said I could only use one notecard
I can't describe how terrifying it is to see this sign after you've spent 18 exhausting hours driving through America to get to the Canadian border. What a cruel trick.
While comparing concrete adhesives at Lowes, I realized that the tables have turned.
8 things the Marines aren't telling the Navy.
my dad is the funniest person he knows...(in the right subreddit)
Traffic Cam Win!
I am definitely stealing these party rules
My lazy little brother learning writing English letters
Manliest Pacifier EVER.
Finally! It's here.
Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light, according to MSNBC
I'll take that
Almost had a heart attack this morning at work
Capitalism
The Real IT Guy's Office
After 8 years traveling back and forth from the U.S. and Brazil, I couldn't stop laughing at this SNL joke
Pretty much sums up every video game I've ever played.
This picture was taken this morning, the sign said 'spine' yesterday. ಠ_ಠ
My sister hid the fact that she had a boyfriend from my brothers and I for 4 months. Tonight was the first time we got to meet him, so we decided to dress up for the occasion.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Found a coupon from the 80s. Reddi-Wip knew how to party back then.
This is how Surrey Police (UK) have tweeted warnings about icy roads - in the style of Vanilla Ice
When i sit and reddit at 3 A.M
That's not how you twerk- AHH SHIT!
Pepsi Logo: a response
Made a path around the house, they've been running for an hour trying to figure out the maze..
Let's Play Spot The Cage!
Just had a heart attack at work. Who does this!?
I should be able to print whatever the hell I want.
Because it compliments the decor
Double take.
YouTube's annual company meeting.
So the people in our building next door are having a party, and we're invited...
I submit proof that Toronto is the Hipster Capital of the Universe
My cat's reaction to the real bear skin rug my roommate brought home
When Vladimir Putin is walking away from something, it looks like it ought to be exploding.
Respectful Discourse
If people ever went through my internet search history...
For a moment, I couldn't figure out how to leave the bathroom.
My parents sent me a picture of their kitchen renovation
I don't know how to sober.
If you ever feel bad about yourself.
Classic Buster Keaton.
When X-Files is more realistic than modern crime shows.
Every exam...
My parents took away my sisters phone for the week. They've uploaded about 10 of these to her facebook. Doing it right!
Part of my inheritance. Dad always was a funny guy. These were in the same envelope.
Oops
Someone seriously tried to pass this at my work today...
For April Fools Day, I think Facebook should switch the status update box and the search box, so people are constantly posting updates on the people they're stalking.
Sweet Jesus, its me. Its ALWAYS been me!!
Laundry Day Assistant
this is what I saw on my way to work this morning
Being mormon, I can't look at porn or nudity. So I have to get creative.
Best part of the Clinton/Colbert interview!
So I Woke Up From My Nap And Ended Up In A Disney Movie
Keeping guns out of schools
I let my dogs out for a few minutes, and open my door to see this.
3 years ago I unknowingly bought a 2 person child's tent thinking it was adult sized...and i still took it to the festival
Nice goal! High fi---what the fuck, man?
Good game, good game, fuck you, good game.
What are they telling them that they're not telling us?
So, my mom and I left our clip on extensions out.. And my brothers found them.
What happens when you take Fitspiration and add pictures of people drinking? DRUNKSPIRATION!
Well played Ikea, Valentines Day offer
My friend met Justin Timberlake and got him to sign her favorite photo of him. She said he signed it really fast and ran off blushing.
Trying to kill cat
Hawk must have gotten that bunny
Some men just want to watch the office burn
$211,223.04 in cash The Oatmeal raised for charity!
About those cute parenting pictures...
Found this in an Aussie pub.
Was going to gas station to sodomize myself with a fuel nozzle. Saw this :(
Good job bringing home the turkey, Dad!
I got my Dad a pair of skis for Christmas, to scare and confuse him I wrapped them like this...
Some genius scratched the skirt off the bathroom sign... and I fell for it...
A wish for Olympic opening &amp; closing ceremonies
This is exactly how getting older feels, Liz Lemon.
Wow. Thanks Chad.
Not quite gold, but I chuckled when my mom pointed this out to a friend.
We actually had to help him down.. Idiot
My friends ordered pizza while they were drinking last night. I don't think they thought this through...
Caught this sly little bastard tying his coworker's apron to her chair
Ellen DeGeneres gets a good look at Katy Perry during the Grammy Awards
Finally somebody got it.
She unadded me. I regret nothing.
My grandpa's lighter from his work
My dad's solution when a control knob broke off in my car
2nd Graders homework. My friend's (awesome) 6 yr old son is autistic and takes instructions literally.
Some say she is still drinking
I made a twitter account where all I do is respond to tweets that have the word "Universe" in them
In Singapore and found this sign at the beach
As someone struggling to find a job, this is what I see whenever I look at my college diploma
I've got to believe this headline was intentional
Not cool
Suspicious Water Fountain
Kids playing with a water hose during coast guard demonstration.
Getting Ready for the Scene
Whoever you are, however drunk you were, be proud
It's a dead give away.
...and that's the last I saw of my right shoe.
A local restaurant paid me $100 dollars to make a commercial.  The entire budget went into the robot costume.  Here it is
I think they meant chupacabra..
We've reached the peak of human intelligence.
What PBS thinks of Sesame Street
Equally important
My university put up motivational posters all over campus. Was not disappointed.
94 year old man down the street handed my dad his business card this morning
if you see something you like, please tap on the glass
How to clear snow off a roof
I HAVE AWOKEN
My mom told me to "behave myself" before leaving for on a short trip out of state. So, I just wrote this fake article about myself and had our neighbor send it to her. I'm very good at testing the limits of her sense of humor.
Every year my friend does a 'silly picture while on a roller coaster'. This year was by far his best.
How grapes are made.
I know Reddit loves cats, but this made me laugh.
If I had one hour to live...
Where will you be when the LSD kicks in?
New microwave came with this button. Scared to press it...
Mural on the back of Acme Incorporated.
Obama: If daughters get tattoos, we will too
How I feel today trying to follow the Higgs boson stuff.
The big Ronald McDonald blew over in my town today.
Part of our bachelorette party scavenger hunt involved asking strangers to write down marital advice for the bride. This is what one lady wrote.
Went to the zoo yesterday..found this guy just sitting like this, making fart noises at everyone that walked by.
Arnold Schwarzenegger just posted this on Facebook
Emma Stone is by far the best sister ever.
The importance of clarity.
The class system in America captured in 1 pic
King Butthole.
My university doesn't understand fractions.
Asked an employee to bring in a photocopy of their passport...
I was walking through Best Buy today and saw this
Very Sassy!
"I have read your website and it is obviously that your a foggot."
This sign is at my local gun store
What happens when you take a panoramic photo and your dog runs into the shot.
Here is a tall cat vs. a pile of cat
I secretly added a minor detail to my colleague's desktop picture. Me.
Better than any Super Bowl ad. Old Spice: The Man Your Man Could Smell Like.
Friend just posted this on Facebook. Every wheelchair basketballer's worst nightmare.
If you live to be 100
Star Trek really did a shitty job at predicting the future
Your offering pleases me tiny human
Too... much... socks....
Just what I have been looking for!
Not sure who felt sorry for him... but seriously?
The Onion: Black Man Given Nation's Worst Job
My sister went to the zoo
Had a party and a random drunk guy slept on our couch. He left us this note
The ultimate battle!
ABC editorial producer tries to get an interview with a parent near the school shooting in Connecticut, via Twitter. Gets a well-deserved response.
Two lesbians by a door
Monkey in the mirror
It was -10F this morning. The weatherman tried to make us feel better by putting the temperatures in Kelvin.
If I knew this was possible, I'd have taken school more seriously
Hey reddit! Our entire campus just got shut down because a "gunman" was on campus. Turns out, it was just my friend with a monopod shooting a web series. Does a monopod look like an AK-47? Because the cop pointing a gun at him sure thought so.
Sir Patrick Stewart just tweeted this picture
What my school advertised as "mac and cheese" tonight in the dining hall
Giant googley eyes. The best drunk online purchase I have made yet.
My cousin's high school chemistry Asian grade scale
I believe the word you're looking for is "aquarium"
This is why you should never leave your wireless printer unsecure
My favourite photobomb [GIF]
Was finishing up my lunch when I saw this bird try and melt into the ground... and then stare at me like I was wrong for judging
Bad Situation... (fb)
September 19, 1984 was a momentous day for the Van Pelt-Dietrich Library Center.
I think my cousin has an indoor dog.
Grandma bought me a new coffee mug for work. "You know, because it looks like poop and I know you think that's funny."
This guy knows what's up.
From my town's local newspaper...
A brief history of The History Channel
For Your Consideration: The Bath Towel Poncho
Critical thinking by a 4th grader
Eye Contact Level = EXPERT
We got our yearbooks. Best history teacher ever
KFC Don't Play
The license plate holder is what really makes it.
How London deals with ghosts
Malfunctioning Seatbelt
I was quoted yesterday in the New York Times sports section for my in-depth analysis on Ben Roethlisberger
I wanna go where that's going
My friend got his new phone case today...
I don't think the other kids took fancy dress as seriously as I did.
Really know what's important in life
When there's something strange... in your neighborhood...
Fly traps
Apologies if you've already seen a lizard balancing berries on its head today.
So tired of these unrealistic beauty standards
How times have changed...
The Oatmeal's funny and sad tale of his house burning down 20 years ago.
My typical day at work.
Why, thank you, Firefox.
So a friend of my girlfriend made a cake for her daughters birthday party. One of the kids started crying because it was so ugly.
This store understands.
Dog with frisbee lips
In response to Google not "allowing" porn on Google Glass...
Where do you want to eat?
Timmys First Time Out.
DIY low profile tires.
Poop flew on Apollo 10 according to this audio transcript
I don't know how people from other countries keep their beers cold, but uh.. here in Canada....
Fucking white people
I drew "a ____ on the box" for over 700 people. Here's 100 of them. (x-post /r/drawing)
Optimism in the UK.
Perks of being blind
For those with Reddit Enhancement Suite
My friend went to Disneyland wearing the wrong shirt.
3 words, Japanese. Binocular. Soccer
A third grader's honest response
"There's no rules!"
My warehouse at work: I guess they didn't get the memo...
Homework: "Draw your favorite part of the mass."  This is what my son draws....
A friend just finished printing his research manuscript. He acknowledged us so well.
For a while now, I am collecting most gifs I found amusing or useful. There are around 700. Use it wisely
Walt Chelyabinskney
Well it looks like we got ourselves a mystery!
My wife tried selling her shoes on ebay. Someone keeps asking for pics of her feet in them. I replied.
Playing the 17 yr old teenage girl since 1995
Ahh the things you find working in a bakery
How you can tell who has been feeding the dogs under the table.
Firefighters with a sense of humour
Left some free stuff on the curb for people to take. Someone was kind enough to leave a note.
There was fresh catnip at the farmer's market last week.
Our Police Department is going crazy over this picture posted to their Facebook.
My roommate is a asshole, after setting off security alarms at the doors of almost every store I went to for 6 months I finally found this hidden in my wallet.
My sister found this on her apt door. Liked it so much she hung it in the house.
Oh Amazon, your books and their reviews are sometimes so bleak.
It's going to be a rough 24hrs for both of us
Close enough
Father's day
Jaws
talk about embarrassing baby pictures
Only in a Canadian McDonalds....
Redditor Parenting 101
Watching COPS, and these two were arrested for selling meth. Thought they looked familiar...
South Park's accurate depiction of broadcast journalism.
Friend posted this (full in comments): "I'll never forget the time that my mom installed this lock in one of her bathroom drawers when I was a kid..."
Being handicapped in Cabo San Lucas is apparently an extreme sport. (FB friend's vacation pic)
This was on my senior honors thesis when I got it back
My boyfriend of 7 years and I are both physicists. Here's how he proposed to me.
Oh New York City does not fail to impress.
This is Shaq holding a 12 ounce can of soda
My friend's submission to a Peep art contest.
My buddy dad-proofing his remotes
The only hat to wear in a convertible.
This is what happens when scientists get honest
Just like your mother last night, Trebek.
There's definitely a learning curve
That's messed up Adobe Illustrator.
To the man who had sex with your mom
Gave this to my mom in 1990...she decided to cash it in today. ALWAYS include an expiration date.
Well...
He's determined to take all those groceries in one trip...like really determined.
After moving in to an apartment. I think I know exactly what my neighbor looks like.
Seriously UPS? I'm 27 years old.
My Mother in the 70's, and her prediction of what we now call "The Internet"
Not giving any fucks
Obama on CNN at his Correspondent's Dinner
Gordan Ramsay is MAD!
Cosplay Brings South Park's Most Famous Nerd To Life. "Make Love, Not Warcraft".
I'm a therapist who works with people with dementia. I just noticed this typo in a handout I've been giving to families for at least three years. Oh my God.
Fuck this shit, I quit!
This woman is Nicolas Cage
Was watching a Friends rerun and noticed this
Since being on pain medicine my dog has found a new appreciation for art. He stared at this for almost 20 min.
I fucked this up, didn't I?
Possibly the best picture I got from skydiving last week
My student thought the tests logic was off
Don't tell me how to live my life!
Steve Carell handles interview well :)
Did a double take in the bathroom stall this morning. My name happens to be Matt.
Saw this at Bed Bath and Beyond.
The force is strong with this one.
In 2035....
This showed up on my Facebook feed
Need to fire a mortar? There's an app for that.
My friend lost her X-ACTO knife in art class. I had to.
When I was a kid, we were so broke that I blew out candles on top of a slice of white bread on a paper cup at Brown's Chicken for my birthday.
6 hours into my first Mexican wedding. I think I've gained their trust. They think I'm Dominican.
Teach your children about tax
Just a Scottish protestor applying balloon static to Donald Trump’s hairpiece!
Skrillex faces.
The bright side of global warming.
Ahh did you see that mouse?!
Whenever I go to the club these days...
Did... Did you print out a headlight?
Lost? Not so much.
"The rules are simple: I put the self-timer on 2 seconds, push the button and try to get as far from the camera as I can."
Thanks for the block, ref!
Lottery scratch tickets make good last minute Christmas gifts.
My favorite art movement
Thomas the tank engines nightmares
I got my daughter a pony for Christmas!
I'm a plumber and recently bought a new inspection camera. My friend jokingly asked if it could peek under doors...
Hilarious. The Top 20 of 5 Second Films (NSFW Language)
Fucking Susan..
Well played, USAF
"I do not have any money so am sending you this drawing I did of a spider instead. "
And in other news...
So this dick takes the best parking spot today
The only thing left at Seaside Heights, New Jersey
Spaghetti!
Oh the sweet, sweet irony. Cosmo criticizing Reddit about giving sex advice.
The ultimate bad-ass.
Yahoo!Groups limit group titles to 40 characters. Guess what takes 41 to spell out...
It's good to see that not everyone from the South is intolerant (Greenville, SC)
Not Cool. Someone should tell him he's not in NYC.
I'm beginning to think our hotel in Cambodia was a little dishonest on their flyer about the amenities
Nerds vs. Hipsters
This was at my dentist's office
This guy is always at the local malls and always wears the same type of clothes. He is known as the "Creepy mall guy"
Super puns
Perfect paint scheme for a Smart. [X-post from r/cars]
A reporter was having her wedding when the quake hit Sichuan today. She went to work immediately.
I think my city just got a new gang
Attack of the killer game fish.
For guys in long-distance relationships, I present: The Girlfriend Simulator
Coworker asked me if I was Chinese, and if I could help decipher the symbols..
En route to the airport on Christmas day. Sometimes you just gotta make do when you only have a motorcycle.
I wasn't sure if my package was under 16 oz for mailbox use. No scales at home, I improvised.
Meet Kurt Cowbain, the crazy cow from the Isle of Skye.
I love drunk people
My IT Department likes to joke around
Colorado governor on marijuana legalization
How I get by with working only 15% of the time I'm at work.
Blackberry cures blind man!
How I know my dog has done something bad.
Small town police log
I found this taped under my desk...Arnold just won't change his ways
We had our lecture on "Giving Bad News" at my Medical School today. The Doctor ended the hour with these...
Still my favorite "Always Sunny" moment
*Too
Dick move.
Found my loud neighbors wireless speakers on my iPhone...it's like Christmas morning
Overcrowding in British Prisons
I was recently selected as an OKCupid moderator. Here's a picture that was reported.
The Power of Oxi-Clean
Managed to find Bender's email on a Futurama episode. I emailed him and this was the reply
My dad hid a camera to find out why the cats kept sneaking into my old bedroom after I'd left for college...
Help me break this thing, bro.
Never ask your dad to bring you stuff at school
Robin Williams
My friends daughter had a school assignment to "Write once sentence about a family member and draw a picture about it".
Google chrome probs
Warning
lvl 1 MMO Characters
This guy walks around my college with this staff everywhere he goes, I finally asked him why and he replied "seen any trolls around here lately? didn't think so".
The Rock photobombs a fan ! (X-Post from r/wwe)
CNN and their Brilliant Ideas [FIXED]
He spilled his drink everywhere, waitress returned with this!
My friend Clint just got his new work shirt...
At Taco Bell today...
There's a card out there for everyone..and every situation.
The irony.
Your move, captcha...
Fuck reincarnation
Different perspectives
WELCOME TO SEA WORLD YOU LITTLE FUCKERS
So one of my sketches made it on CNN.
Only in Wisconsin would this be necessary.
The other day my dog got attacked by a raccoon, so I set up a trap. This is what I caught.
So I was going through my basement for books and found this. My parents went silent.
Good Guy Louis CK -- I just got this email from him due to the Frankenstorm.
The right way! Good one.
Universal customer-service paging system:
My dog just got out of surgery. I think he might still be high from the anaesthetic.
Bear attempts to take on a cat
How to be a parent...
I convinced my room mate that she should charge her flash drive so it wouldn't die during her presentation
Fucking brilliant
Met Sean Astin at a comic-con. I told him my wife cries at the end of 'Fellowship of the Ring,' when Sam chases after Frodo's boat, EVERY time. this was the autograph I got.
..awkward
But If We Started Dating It Would Ruin Our Friendship Where I Ask You To Do Things And You Do Them
Watch out for bridges and hop-ons; you're gonna get some hop- ons.
"Honey! I got that stock photo shoot job!" "Great! What will you be in?" "Something business related I think."
A message to all the students about to go on summer break.
The art project that got me sent to the counselor in middle school.
To be fair, all white people look the same
Hey Reddit, what do you think of my new pants?
Got banned from /r/TheStopGirl for posting this :(
Baseball game streaker level: greenman
There wasn't a single heated discussion at the table this year. Happy Thanksgiving from mine to yours.
GI Jose [x-post from r/awesome]
Yo, that's fifty dollars for a t-shirt.
It's all a matter of perspective.
How I picture most /r/WTF viewers
King Of The Hill nailed this week's weather forecast
Celebrity Stunt Doubles
Former Australian Prime Minister George Reid, who was quite overweight, was once heckled by someone asking what he would call the "baby". This was his response...
This is why no one likes you, Java
Walked in on my little cousins...
My son can sum up our family's athletic ability in one photo
Now THAT'S a great name for a neuroscientist
For the women who are anal about how their hair looks.
My neighbor left some notes for the maintenance guy.
"Girls don't like guys who complain about exs" [FB]
Spotted Cookie Monster at work today.
Great life advice
Walter White goes undercover as himself at Comic-Con
Ohio mans obituary request.
Is it a present or a request?
How to Seize a Moment
This coaster fits my face a little too perfectly...
I saw a passenger knitting and asked if she could knit me a hat.
My mother comes in and says, "Bought this 20 years ago, totally forgot about it.....here."